Property Play covers new and evolving opportunities for the real estate investor, from individuals to venture capitalists, private equity funds, family offices, institutional investors and large public companies.
The costs can be so high that most experts suggest if a borrower can't shave at least 75 basis points off their current mortgage interest rate, the refinance isn't even worth it.
"This program grew so dramatically last year, we were operating our own closing and escrow agency, and it's a sizable one, and doing a decent job of keeping up, but, frankly, the demand was outstripping our ability to close transactions," said Max Simkoff, CEO of Doma.
Following the acquisition, 85 employees from Doma will be joining Opendoor.
The war with Iran has caused mortgage rates to rise sharply and quickly.
Demand is down 20% in just the past four weeks, according to the Mortgage Bankers Association.
Last year, they note, mortgage rates were higher, and the program with Fannie Mae still saw enormous growth.
Millions of millionaires don’t feel rich — the big problem with financial anxiety (and how to solve it quicklyMoneywise and Yahoo Finance LLC may earn commission or revenue through links in the content below.
Only 36% of American adults with over $1 million in investable assets said they consider themselves “wealthy,” as found by Northwestern Mutual’s 2025 Planning and Progress Study (1).
Top Picks-Thanks to Jeff Bezos, you can now become a landlord for as little as $100 — and no, you don't have to deal with tenants or fix freezers.
See how to protect your nest egg from inflation before the next tax deadline with physical gold.
Financial anxiety is a national epidemicA confluence of factors, including geopolitical tensions, stubbornly high inflation, and an unpredictable labor market, has left nearly all Americans feeling at least a little financially anxious.
Moody’s (NYSE: $MCO) has issued its first rating on a Bitcoin-backed (CRYPTO: $BTC) bond.
The New Hampshire Business Finance Authority is set to issue what appears to be the first professionally rated Bitcoin-backed bond, marking yet another step toward integrating cryptocurrencies into traditional finance.
The bond has received a “Ba2 rating” from Moody’s, a leading U.S. credit rating agency.
More From Cryptoprowl:-Eightco Secures $125 Million Investment From Bitmine And ARK Invest, Shares Surge-Stanley Druckenmiller Says Stablecoins Could Reshape Global FinanceThe bond will be issued through the Business Finance Authority of the State of New Hampshire and is backed by Bitcoin held as collateral, according to a press release announcing the rating.
Moody’s added that its rating reflects “risks associated with the transaction's collateral, structure and operation,” notably Bitcoin’s volatility.
Additionally, Moody’s stressed that no public funds are at risk from the Bitcoin-backed bond sale by the State of New Hampshire.
Analysts say that the Ba2 rating places the bond in speculative-grade territory, but signals to markets that credit rating agencies are developing frameworks for crypto-backed assets.
The deal arrives as institutions test ways to use Bitcoin beyond trading or treasury holdings.
MCO stock has declined 7% over the last 12 months to trade at $436.25 U.S. per share.
As fuel prices continue to rise, companies indexed to higher-income customers may be best positioned to weather the elements, according to Deutsche Bank.
@LCO.1 1M mountain Brent crude futures in the past month "We recognize the significant uncertainty surrounding the duration and impact from the ongoing Middle East conflict," analyst Krisztina Katai said.
"Middle East revenue exposure across our coverage is limited; the bigger issue is the risk of cost pressures from higher diesel and input costs, which could add a meaningful burden to U.S. household budgets, and intensify stresses already visible across U.S. customer cohorts."
The finding confirmed suspicions that as gas prices increase, lower income customers reduce their purchases, the analyst noted.
She added that Sprouts Farmers Market also shows an inverse relationship to changes in gas prices, which the analyst attributed to its nature as a secondary destination.
Approximately 37% of its revenue is exposed to those parts of the world, Deutsche Bank found.
The sandals manufacturer is followed by VF Corp , Ralph Lauren and Nike , which respectively have 34%, 30% and 27% revenue exposure to EMEA, according to the firm.
However, the analyst noted that most global brands are sitting on at least two quarters' worth of finished goods inventory, helping mitigate their risk of near-term margin pressures.
"Specifically, Amer Sports and Birkenstock have > 200 days of finished goods inventory on hand, closely followed by Ralph Lauren at 195," Katai said.
"Nike and Lululemon, by our calculations, have a little over a quarter worth of finished goods inventory."
The chief danger at this point is that a so-far surgical war, in which both sides have been targeting mainly military assets, could widen into total war, in which the region's massive energy infrastructure along with civilian facilities would be targeted.
Those leaders are: -- Chris Graja, CFA, Director of Economic Research & Senior Analyst (Consumer) -- Steve Biggar, Director of Product Strategy & Senior Analyst (Financial) -- Kevin Heal, Fixed-Income Strategist & Senior Analyst (Financial) --
Kris Ruggeri, Associate Director of Research & Senior Analyst (Industrial) -- Bill Selesky, Senior Analyst (Energy) -- John Eade, Argus President The questions and answers they supplied are below.
The reduction in immigration, both illegal and legal, has slowed population growth, and increased population is typically a driver of gross domestic product (GDP) growth.
Amid pressures to GDP growth from tariffs and immigration, what are the risks that the oil price shock is the 'third strike,' in baseball terms, that puts the U.S. economy into slow-growth mode or even into negative GDP territory?
A tightening of credit conditions, an increase in weekly jobless claims towards 300,000, the 10-year Treasury yielding more than 5%, or a decline in the stock market that causes wealthier households to reduce their spending would be like removing more, and more, blocks from the tower.
What are some of the positives in the outlook that can keep the U.S. economy moving forward despite these new strains from the war?
(That is not to say that the U.S. and its supply chain are fully insulated from fuel prices.)
Computer equipment, software, and R&D added a point to 4Q GDP, carrying an economy that only grew 0.7%.
The Atlanta Fed's Nowcast projects that those categories will contribute three-quarters of a point to GDP growth of 2.3% in 1Q26.
Argus expects S&P 500 EPS to rise almost 16% in 2026 and increase by about 15% in 2027.
STEVE BIGGAR Question 1: What is the likelihood that higher inflation related to rising energy prices begins to impact major sources of financial sector revenue such as commercial loans, mortgages, and investment banking?
After several years of below-average loan growth, lower interest rates (both from the Federal Reserve [Fed] and at the longer end of the yield curve) had begun to stimulate lending demand.
But the recent backup in rates, along with the uncertainty related to the Iran conflict, is likely to again put a damper on loan growth in 1Q. Fortunately for well-hedged banks, a steeper yield curve should lead to improving net interest margins and offset much of the impact from more sluggish loan demand.
However, the impact is likely to be broadly negative for investment banking, as struggling equity markets, higher interest rates, and boardroom uncertainty as the Iran conflicts drag on all put the much-expected rebound in deal activity in jeopardy.
Banks have scoured their lending exposure to private credit firms, particularly in the software industry, and not found worrisome exposures, so we do not expect noticeable credit deterioration in 1Q earnings results.
KEVIN HEAL Question 1: Even before the war with Iran began, the Fed was in a tough spot trying to honor its dual mandate to keep the workforce fully employed and to hold inflation near it 2% target range.
Despite the Fed's nearly four-year battle with inflation, the double-digit shock in energy prices has sent market rates of interest higher in anticipation of renewed inflation.
How will the Fed use monetary policy to balance the risks of weak jobs growth against the risks of energy-induced inflation?
There's lots of chatter about a rate hike later this year due to anticipated energy-induced inflation.
I think that the Fed is stuck in a bit of a quandary with the dual mandate and keeping it in balance.
Question 2: In past periods of stress, the Fed has used other tools beyond monetary policy, including quantitative easing and quantitative tightening, to influence the direction of interest rates.
How likely is the Fed to redeploy these or other tools in the current environment?
After the Fed ended its quantitative tightening program in December, reducing the balance sheet from $8.9 billion to $6.2 billion, they reinstated a form of quantitative easing.
They announced that they would purchase $40 billion per month in short-term T-bills in order to keep the 'plumbing' in the short end of the Treasury curve and maintain ample reserves.
Recent events in the Middle East have caused a lot of volatility, however the short end of the curve has been stable.
Looking forward, the Fed may raise the issuance of T-bills in order to maintain stability in the funding markets if the current war escalates or is extended for a longer period of time.
I don't expect the Fed to buy longer-dated securities.
KRIS RUGGERI Question 1: The Industrial sector is broad, including rails and truckers, package shipment companies, construction and agricultural machinery companies, aerospace-defense firms, diversified companies, and more.
How are some of these segments being impacted by the war in Iran and the related spike in energy prices?
In February, in the final pre-war reading, the U.S. Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index climbed to 52.4, up from 51.6 in January, indicating stronger production and order growth.
The improvement was attributed to easing tariff pressures and growing exports and imports.
Should the conflict continue for any length of time, the most notable impact to Industrial segments is expected to be higher inflation.
As fuel and other input costs rise, we can expect lower profitability as a result.
While it is true that most railroads and trucking companies use fuel surcharges to mitigate these higher fuel expenses, inflation will find its way into other input costs and, over time, perhaps the most meaningful impact across the board will be lower demand.
Here we anticipate that the war in Iran will increase demand for missiles and other equipment expended during the conflict.
This segment of Industrials is relatively immune from inflation and the impacts imposed on the economy from a demand perspective.
Going forward, we expect the U.S. government, the defense industry's largest customer, to demand more of these and other next-generation vehicles.
We see this demand resulting in a long tailwind for companies in the industry for years to come as the current administration continues to build upon its defense capabilities.
In normal time, the rise in oil prices would be perceived as positive for the domestic energy complex.
At the same time, the large international integrated and exploration and production (E&P) companies put their capital budgets in place several years in advance.
What is the likelihood that U.S. oil and gas producers meaningfully step up their production ahead of schedule in response to the changed environment?
The U.S. became a net exporter of crude oil (on an annual basis) in 2020, largely driven by the shale revolution (horizontal drilling and fracking), which sharply increased domestic production.
Today, both integrated oil companies (IOCs) and E&P firms plan their capital spending budgets roughly 12 months in advance (down from 1-2 years in previous times), reflecting the extreme volatility of crude oil prices (and commodity prices) and the difficulty that energy companies have in planning future budgets under a scenario like that.
That said, we do not expect a significantly higher increase in crude oil production (or step-up) from IOCs or E&Ps compared to our original forecast (we expect 2%-3% higher production in 2026) unless the Middle East conflict becomes more problematic or longer in duration than our forecast, which we currently categorize as a 'short-term' event.
Question 2: With the administration anxious to roll back inflation in energy prices, the president's team has suspended the Jones Act, allowed Iranian oil at sea to proceed to market, and allowed releases from the strategic petroleum reserve.
In addition, yes, wUpgrade to begin using premium research reports and get so much more.
Exclusive reports, detailed company profiles, and best-in-class trade insights to take your portfolio to the next levelUpgrade
Infiniti has been in a "product lull" for a while, said Stephanie Brinley, principal automotive analyst at S&P Global Mobility.
The brand touted its American ambitions with the vehicle's launch, choosing New York City's Grand Central Terminal as the site to unveil the QX65 and, as it has in the past, enlisting NFL stars Rob Gronkowski and Julian Edelman as hosts for the event.
"Hopefully they can ... turn this into a turnaround," Brinley said.
Correction: The headline on this story has been updated to reflect that Infiniti is releasing a new SUV in the U.S.
On March 27, 2026, Evercore ISI analyst Michael Binetti lowered the price target on On Holding AG (NYSE:ONON) to $45 from $58 and maintained an Outperform rating, saying the CEO’s exit “injects a new layer of uncertainty” while noting it does not change the firm’s core view.
On March 26, 2026, Telsey Advisory analyst Cristina Fernandez lowered the price target on On Holding AG (NYSE:ONON) to $60 from $65 and maintained an Outperform rating, citing near-term risks from the leadership transition but pointing to continued growth drivers including product innovation, store expansion, and market penetration.
If you’re looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.
READ NEXT: 33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years and Cathie Wood 2026 Portfolio: 10 Best Stocks to Buy.
The U.S. stock market continues to be volatile due to tensions in the Middle East.
Investors seeking some portfolio stability can opt for dividend-paying stocks with attractive upside potential.
Here are three dividend-paying stocks that are highlighted by Wall Street's top pros, as tracked by TipRanks, a platform that ranks analysts based on their past performance.
Diamondback EnergyIndependent oil and natural gas company Diamondback Energy (FANG) is this week's first dividend pick.
It recently paid a base cash dividend of $1.05 per share.
FANG offers a dividend yield of about 2%.
Recently, Goldman Sachs analyst Neil Mehta discussed the impact of ongoing commodity volatility on exploration and production companies.
Assuming Brent and WTI at $75 and $70 per barrel, respectively, and Henry Hub natural gas at $3.75/MMBtu as his 2027-2030 normalized price average, the analyst is bullish on the prospects of Ovintiv (OVV), Permian Resources (PR), Diamondback, and FANG's subsidiary Viper Energy (VNOM).
Specifically, Mehta reiterated a buy rating on FANG stock with a price target of $216.
The five-star analyst continues to view FANG as a compelling pick, given that the stock is trading at an attractive 12% average free cash flow yield on 2027 and 2028 estimates compared to the large-cap oil exploration and production peer average of 10%.
The analyst is confident about Diamondback's ability to deliver better-than-anticipated performance in periods of strong commodity prices, supported by the company's low-cost structure and lower capital intensity than peers.
With a quarterly dividend of 12 cents per share, CRGY stock offers a dividend yield of 3.5%.
Following a period of restriction and a "not rated" designation, JPMorgan analyst Zach Parham upgraded Crescent Energy to buy with a price target of $19.
JPMorgan previously had a hold rating on CRGY stock with a price target of $14.
The top-rated analyst highlighted that Crescent is a diversified exploration and production company with a solid track record of creating value through acquisitions and divestitures.
The analyst noted that Crescent added debt to its balance sheet with its $3.1 billion Vital Energy acquisition, which helped it make its foray into the Permian, a much more competitive basin for acquisitions and diversification.
It is worth noting that CRGY sold $800 million in assets before closing the Vital deal, reducing proforma net debt to about $4.8 billion.
While Crescent's near-term leverage remains high compared to peers, Parham expects the company to use its free cash flow to reduce its debt burden following the rise in strip prices due to the U.S.-Iran conflict.
Parham also observed that Crescent plans to let Vital's output decline, which will help extend its Permian inventory life, thus addressing a major investor concern.
"Over the long-term, we are confident in CRGY's ability to manage its portfolio of E&P assets to generate value for shareholders," concluded the analyst.
The company recently reported its fiscal third quarter results and issued a solid outlook.
Darden declared a quarterly dividend of $1.50 per share, payable on May 1.
At an annualized dividend of $6 per share, DRI stock offers a dividend yield of about 3.1%.
Following the Q3 print, Mizuho analyst Nick Setyan reiterated a buy rating on Darden stock with a price target of $235.
The analyst stated that despite higher inflation and general and administrative expenses, the company delivered solid fiscal third-quarter results.
Setyan noted that quarterly performance was driven by strong same-store sales growth, highlighting near- and medium-term visibility due to Darden's scale and diversity.
Also, strength in LongHorn Steakhouse's same-store sales growth offset the weakness in Olive Garden's (OG) performance due to the absence of price promotions for three weeks.
The five-star analyst added that the company's better-than-expected fourth-quarter outlook is supported by strength in March's comparable sales trends.
Setyan is confident about pricing aligning with inflation in the fiscal fourth quarter, particularly at LongHorn Steakhouse, which gives more clarity on fiscal 2027 same-store sales growth and margin expectations.
"With OG beginning the cycle of lapping tougher comparisons successfully, inflation cooling versus F26, pricing accelerating modestly, and unit growth stepping up to 3%+, visibility into DRI's longer-term EBITDA and EPS growth algorithm is as high as ever," said Setyan.
Here’s why Ether ETFs could ‘outperform’ Bitcoin fundsEthereum exchange-traded funds are lagging behind their Bitcoin counterparts.
“Volumes continue to grow quickly, and I do think once crypto sentiment stabilises, Ethereum could outperform
[Bitcoin] in the shorter run as price catches up to ‘better’ fundamentals,” Luke Nolan, analyst at CoinShares, told DL News.
He points to how Ethereum is at the core of the stablecoin hype, which Standard Chartered expects will send stablecoins to a total value of $2 trillion, a five-fold increase from today’s value, by 2028.
“Ethereum hosts over $160 billion in stablecoin market cap, roughly 50% of all stablecoins,” Nolan said.
Others point to how Ethereum is also at the centre of the tokenisation hype, which promises to put regular assets like stocks and bonds onchain.
Lackluster flowsEthereum ETF trading action last year was hot.
“It’s not been pretty,” James Seyyfart, research analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence, told DL News.
“People have already started buying the dip in Bitcoin — but not so much with Ethereum on the ETF side.”
Data from CoinShares shows that Ethereum ETFs collectively manage $13.6 billion in assets.
Stablecoins are not only the biggest crypto application but the most-talked about: banks and the crypto industry are currently hashing out new regulation that will decide whether or not investors will receive yield on the tokens.
Tokenisation is also going mainstream, with The EU’s central bank talking about the industry.
United Airlines and its flight attendant union have reached a tentative labor deal that will include their first raises in roughly six years.
If ratified by flight attendants, it would make United the last of the major carriers to secure a labor deal with cabin crew members since the Covid-19 pandemic ended.
United said the agreement will include immediate raises and top pay of $100 an hour at the end of the contract, as well as pay for flight attendants during boarding and "a signing bonus for every flight attendant worth a total of $740 million."
The Association of Flight Attendants-CWA, the flight attendants union, didn't provide specific details about the deal but said that in addition to higher base pay, it includes additional compensation for flight disruptions and new restrictions on overnight flight assignments.
The labor deal comes as United is planning an aggressive expansion of its higher-touch premium cabins, with new seats featuring elevated dining options and seats that convert into beds.
United flight attendants last July rejected a previous labor deal that would have included immediate, 26% raises.
"Mercedes is investing $4 billion in its Alabama plant through 2030 in a push to increase production as the automaker targets a 28% increase in U.S. car sales.
"Since tariffs have been launched, we've only increased our prices 1.3%, significantly less than inflation," he said Tuesday.
In a push to increase sales, Mercedes also on Tuesday unveiled new versions of its popular GLS and GLE models, including a new GLE 53 Hybrid that will be built in Alabama.
The global IPO market has needed a win for years and Elon Musk's SpaceX could be the breakthrough.
The last company to make a market debut at over a trillion dollar valuation was Saudi Aramco in 2019.
An over "trillion-dollar" valuation, a CEO with a cult-like retail following and exposure to a high-growth industry - SpaceX has the elements the IPO market has sought to end a years-long drought in mega-deals.
He added that there is enough enthusiasm around the business to attract investor interest, but it might be so singular, with its celebrity CEO, that it could actually hurt other space stocks rather than lift them by attracting all the attention.
Here are some charts that show the market's current status and SpaceX IPO's potential:WORLD'S BIGGEST IPO ON THE HORIZON
The rocket startup has confidentially filed for a blockbuster listing, looking to raise $50 billion or more, which could value it at $1.75 trillion, potentially dethroning oil giant Saudi Aramco as the world's largest IPO.
"SpaceX will be far and away the largest IPO in history at the sizes being discussed now," said Samuel Kerr, global head of equity capital markets at deals data provider Mergermarket.
"It will be a real test for public market capacity at a time of real market turmoil.
But if any business can list in this market, its probably SpaceX given the tremendous hype."PIVOTAL TESTSpaceX's listing could serve as a bellwether for the IPO market.
A strong reception would indicate that a long-awaited recovery in big-ticket deals is finally underway.
Years of volatile markets, driven by rising interest rates, inflation concerns and geopolitical tensions, kept issuers waiting, even as the pipeline got bigger.
"A successful SpaceX listing could well act as a catalyst for other large-scale IPOs," Kat Liu, vice president at IPO research firm IPOX.
"It would demonstrate that public markets have both the depth and appetite to accommodate sizeable, high-valuation offerings, and could help validate current late-stage private market pricing."
SPDR S&P 500 ETF (SPY) has declined 7.5% year-to-date in 2026 with the VIX above 31, creating conditions where sequence-of-returns risk—the danger of poor market timing in early retirement—poses the greatest threat to portfolio longevity.
A retiree who retired in 1995 saw their $2 million portfolio grow to $2.4 million in five years before the dot-com crash, while an identical portfolio started in 2000 was depleted to roughly $600,000 by year three due to consecutive market declines and $80,000 annual withdrawals.
Sequence of returns risk can be mitigated through a bond tent strategy, which intentionally shifts 40-50% of the portfolio into bonds and cash in the five years before and after retirement to create a spending buffer that prevents forced equity sales during downturns, achieving 90%+ portfolio survival probability over 30 years compared to 75% for 100% equity allocations.
The 1995 retiree rode five years of strong bull market returns before the dot-com crash.
After roughly 7% average annual growth and $80,000 annual withdrawals, that portfolio grew to approximately $2.4 million.
Three consecutive down years, combined with $80,000 in annual withdrawals, left that same $2 million portfolio severely depleted after just three years.
Sequence of returns risk is the single most dangerous force acting on a large retirement portfolio, operating entirely independently of long-term average return.
Why Early Withdrawals Turn a Temporary Loss PermanentDuring accumulation, a bad year is just a bad year, and you buy more shares at lower prices and recover.
A 30% market drop in year two of withdrawing $80,000 per year from a $2 million portfolio leaves you with roughly $1.32 million before any recovery begins.
That shrunken base must now generate the same income as the original $2 million, which means a much higher effective withdrawal rate and a dramatically shortened portfolio life.
Selling shares at depressed prices to cover living expenses means fewer shares will be available when the market recovers.
A portfolio that drops 30% needs to gain back more than it lost just to break even, and it does that with fewer shares than it started with.
The Bond Tent: Building a Buffer Before You Need It
The bond tent strategy means intentionally raising your cash and bond allocation in the five years before and after retirement, creating a spending buffer that lets equities recover without forcing you to sell them.
Core PCE inflation has climbed steadily, rising from 125.267 in March 2025 to 128.394 by January 2026, and a purely conservative allocation trades sequence risk for inflation risk.
The bond tent is a targeted buffer during the window when sequence risk is highest, not a permanent defensive posture.
2030-Year Survival ProbabilityPortfolio A: No Buffer (100% equities)100% stocksHigh in good sequence, near zero in bad sequenceHighly variable~75% (sequence-dependent)Portfolio B: Bond Tent (with glide path)40-50% bonds/cash at retirement, gliding back to 60-70% equities by age 75~$1.8M (illustrative)~$1.5M (illustrative)~90%+Portfolio C: Pure Bonds (100% fixed income)100% bonds/cash~$1.4M (illustrative)~$600K (illustrative)
Portfolio A survives a 1995-style retirement easily but fails a 2000-style one.
Portfolio C avoids sequence risk but surrenders to inflation over 30 years.
Portfolio B absorbs the early shock while maintaining enough equity exposure to grow through the back half of retirement.
Three Moves That Change the MathBuild the bond tent now, before you retire.
The S&P 500 is down about 7.5% year-to-date in 2026, and the VIX recently crossed 31, a level that has historically preceded sharp equity drawdowns.
For anyone retiring in the next three to five years, the conditions that make the bond tent valuable are already in place.
Both the iShares MSCI Global Silver and Metals Miners ETF (NYSEMKT:SLVP) and the iShares Silver Trust (NYSEMKT:SLV) target the silver market, but they do so in fundamentally different ways.
This comparison highlights key differences in cost, returns, risk, and portfolio structure to help investors understand which approach may appeal more, depending on their objectives.
Beta measures price volatility relative to the S&P 500; beta is calculated from five-year monthly returns.
% || Growth of $1,000 over 5 years | $2,402 | $3,002 |
SLVP, in contrast, delivers exposure to the silver sector through a portfolio of 36 global mining stocks.
For more guidance on ETF investing, check out the full guide at this link.
What this means for investorsThe iShares Silver Trust is the largest silver ETF by assets under management.
So buying this ETF is equivalent to owning physical silver without worrying about storage, costs, and liquidity.
That's the largest drop since Apartment List began tracking in 2017and larger than the record set in the early months of the Covid pandemic.
DATETuesday, November 5, 2024 at 4:30 p.m. ETCALL PARTICIPANTS-President and Chief Executive Officer — Kenneth G. Keller-Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer — Bruce C. WachaFull Conference Call TranscriptCasey will begin the call with opening remarks and discuss various factors that affected our results, selected business highlights, and his thoughts concerning the outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2024.
Bruce will then discuss our financial results for the third quarter of 2024 and our guidance for the remainder of fiscal 2024.
Thank you, AJ, and thank you all for joining us today, Election Day for our third quarter 2024 earnings call.
Third quarter net sales of $461.1 million and adjusted EBITDA of $70.4 million were somewhat below expectations.
Excluding Crisco, whose net sales were negatively impacted by lower net pricing to reflect a decrease in soybean oil costs, base business net sales decreased by approximately 3% compared to the year ago period.
First, base business trends on most of the B&G Foods portfolio have been slower to recover than expected.
We have not seen much improvement relative to the first half with consumers adjusting their purchasing patterns in the wake of high food inflation.
The exception has been our Spices and Flavor Solutions business that has shown positive trends, plus 2.6% in Q3 with the growth of fresh produce and proteins in the perimeter of the store, driven by a narrowing of the relative pricing of fresh to frozen and packaged foods in the last year.
For the third quarter, adjusted EBITDA of $70.4 million decreased by $10 million compared to the third quarter of 2023.
The Green Giant U.S. shelf stable divestiture represented approximately $2 million of the year-over-year decline with foreign exchange from Mexico operations on the Green Giant frozen business representing roughly another $1.5 million.
Foreign exchange from the peso has been a drag on costs and profits, depressing Green Giant's segment adjusted EBITDA by $5 million to $6 million year-to-date.
Total B&G Foods adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of net sales for the third quarter was 15.3% down from the prior year period.
During Q3, we continued to see only isolated inflation in some categories, EG, pepper, garlic, etc., and some modest favorability in transportation and warehousing costs versus last year.
In terms of outlook, we are revising guidance to reflect the reality of a slower recovery in center store trends, and the consumer environment.
Bruce will cover more detailed guidance for the fiscal year 2024.
Moving forward, we expect to see gradual recovery and stabilization in fiscal year 2025 with sequential improvement between the first and second halves of the year.
Third quarter net sales increased 2.6% versus the third quarter of fiscal year '23, aided by the growth of the fresh fruit perimeter in grocery.
This segment represents B&G Foods' highest segment adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of net sales.
Segment adjusted EBITDA was down modestly behind the timing of some foodservice trade spend, increases in certain raw material costs, and product mix.
Impacted by competitive pressure from increased activity by the Taco Bell brand, although, we have a strong pipeline of channel and product innovation coming.
Skinnygirl salad dressings continued high growth behind new items, increased capacity, and expanded distribution.
Specialty segment adjusted EBITDA was down less than net sales, 6.2% due to lower soybean oil costs.
Frozen and Vegetables, the Frozen and Vegetables business unit net sales, excluding the impact of the U.S. Green Giant canned divestiture were down 1.7% versus last year, an improvement from prior quarter trends and reflecting some overall category softness in frozen vegetables.
Excluding the divested Green Giant U.S. shelf stable business and the impact of foreign exchange from the peso, segment adjusted EBITDA for Frozen and Vegetables was positive for the quarter.
This fall, we have launched a strong innovation pipeline including a number of premium sides.
Portfolio shaping, B&G Foods remains committed to reshaping and restructuring our portfolio to sharpen focus, improve margins and cash flow, and maximize future value creation.
The divestiture of the Green Giant U.S. canned vegetable business was completed last fall following the state (ph) Back to Nature brand in January 2023.
We continue to remain -- review our remaining portfolio for possible divestiture of non-core assets, including the possible divestiture and sale of some or all of the assets in the Frozen and Vegetables business unit.
However, it may not be the right fit with B&G Foods' focus and capabilities, particularly since there are no plans to add more assets in the frozen portfolio given the opportunities in our core shelf stable businesses, and overall capital constraints.
In anticipation of questions we often receive during the Q&A portion of these earnings calls, I remind you that our company policy is to not comment on any specific acquisition or divestiture opportunities unless and until we reach an agreement with a counterparty.
As such, other than the general statements we have made regarding the review of possible divestitures and our commitment to reshape and restructure our portfolio, we will not have further comment at this time regarding specific divestiture opportunities or possible timing.
And I will now turn the call over to Bruce for more detail on the quarterly performance and outlook for the remainder of the year.
In the third quarter of 2024, we generated $461.1 million in net sales, $70.4 million in adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of net sales
[Technical Difficulty] and $0.13 in adjusted diluted earnings per share.
The decline in base business net sales is comparable to our consumption data as per Nielsen, which showed a decline of approximately 5% for the 13 weeks ended September 28th, 2024.
$22.6 million of the decline in base business net sales or 4.7 percentage points of the decline -- was driven by lower volumes and $0.4 million or 0.1 percentage points were driven by the negative impact of foreign currency.
Net sales for our Crisco brand decreased by $9.4 million for the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the third quarter of 2023, largely as a result of our commodity pricing model for the brand, which resulted in a net pricing decline of approximately $3.5 million to reflect lower soybean oil commodity costs coupled with a decrease in volume of approximately $5.9 million.
Gross profit was $102.3 million for the third quarter of 2024 or 22.2% of net sales.
Adjusted gross profit, which excludes the negative impact of $0.1 million of acquisition, divestiture-related expenses and non-recurring expenses, included in cost of goods sold during the third quarter of 2024 was $102.4 million, or 22.2% of net sales.
Gross product -- excuse me, gross profit was $113.8 million for the third quarter of 2023 or 22.6% of net sales.
Adjusted gross profit, which excludes the negative impact of $0.3 million of acquisition, divestiture-related expenses, and non-recurring expenses included in the cost of goods sold during the third quarter of 2023 was $114.1 million, or 22.7% of net sales.
While we are continuing to see input cost inflation with regards to raw material costs across our basket of inputs and in our factories, the cost increases have continued to be mostly modest thus far this year.
Helping to mitigate those cost increases, our continued favorability in some areas that saw the most extreme input cost inflation in 2022 and 2023, such as soybean oil, cans, and logistics, as well as through our continuous improvement, productivity efforts and cost savings initiatives in our factories.
The decrease was composed of decreases in consumer marketing expenses of $1.2 million, warehouses expenses of $0.9 million, selling expenses of $0.8 million, and acquisition, divestiture-related and non-recurring expenses of $0.6 million, partially offset by an increase in general and administrative costs of $1.3 million.
As I mentioned earlier, we generated approximately $70.4 million of adjusted EBITDA, or 15.3% of net sales in the third quarter of 2024 compared to $80.4 million, or 16% in the third quarter of 2023.
Approximately $2 million of the decrease in adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was the result of the divestiture of the Green Giant U.S. shelf stable product line, which we sold last fall.
An additional $1.5 million or so of the adjusted EBITDA decline resulted from the negative impact of foreign currency relative to the impact in the year-ago period on our cost of goods sold for the portion of our Green Giant frozen vegetables that are produced in our manufacturing facility in Mexico.
The remainder of the decline was largely driven by the decline in our net sales and a modest increase in our raw material costs.
The increase was primarily driven by approximately $3.1 million of charges related to our recent financing as well as the impact of higher interest rates on our long-term debt during the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023.
These increases were offset in part due to lower average debt outstanding in the quarter, relative to the prior year quarter.
Depreciation and amortization was $17.2 million in the third quarter of 2024, which is in line with the $17.3 million in the third quarter of last year.
We had net income of $7.5 million or $0.09 per diluted share and adjusted net income of $10.1 million or $0.13 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2024.
In the third quarter of 2023, we had a net loss of $82.7 million, or $1.11 per diluted share and adjusted net income of $20.5 million, or 27% -- $0.27 per adjusted diluted share.
Adjustments to our EBITDA and our net income are described further in our earnings release.
The decrease was primarily due to lower Crisco pricing driven by decreased commodity costs coupled with modest declines in volumes across the business unit and the aggregate.
Specialty segment adjusted EBITDA decreased by $2.7 million, or 6.2%, in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 Net sales for meals decreased by $4.5 million or 3.9% in the third quarter of 2024 to $111.6 million from $116.1 million for the third quarter of 2023.
The decrease was primarily due to lower volumes across the business unit, partially offset by a modest increase in net pricing and product mix.
Meals segment adjusted EBITDA decreased by $2.4 million or 9.5% compared to the third quarter of 2023.
Frozen and vegetable net sales, excluding the impact of the Green Giant U.S. shelf stable product line divestiture were down by $1.6 million or 1.7% of -- versus the prior year.
Segment adjusted EBITDA decreased by $3.2 million compared to the third quarter of 2023.
Approximately $2 million of the decline was due to the divestiture of the Green Giant U.S. shelf stable product line and an additional $1.5 million or so from the negative impact of foreign currency relative to the prior year period on our cost of goods sold for the portion of our Green Giant frozen vegetable products produced at our manufacturing facility in Mexico.
Excluding these amounts, segment adjusted EBITDA increased marginally in the third quarter as compared to the prior year.
The increase was primarily due to higher volumes across the business unit.
Spices and Flavor Solutions segment adjusted EBITDA decreased by $1.6 million or 5.2% in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023.
The decrease in segment adjusted EBITDA was largely driven by a combination of an increase in trade spending and product mix and an increases in raw material costs such as black pepper and garlic.
As you likely saw, we continue to update our balance sheet.
Additionally, we now have just over 35% of our long-term debt tied to floating rates or SOFR.
A 50 basis point decrease in rates would reduce our interest expense by approximately $3.5 million to $4 million on an annualized rate.
Further details regarding the refinancing transactions have previously been disclosed by press release and 8-K filings and are described in the footnotes to the financial statements that we filed earlier today as part of our 10-Q. And finally, as noted in our earnings press release, we are revising our fiscal 2024 guidance to $1.92 billion to 1.95 billion for net sales, $295 million to $305 million for adjusted EBITDA and $0.67 to $0.77 for adjusted diluted earnings per share.
At the midpoint, our net sales guidance is based on our first three-quarters of 2024 net sales of approximately $1.381 billion and projected base business net sales decline of approximately 2% to 3% for the final quarter of 2024, which is a similar trend to what we saw in the third quarter.
We believe that the revised guidance better reflects the continued industry-wide challenges in consumer activity which has dampened volumes in both retail consumption and food service channels.
Depreciation expense of $47.5 million to $52.5 million, amortization expense of $20 million to $22 million, an effective tax rate of 26% to 27% and CapEx of $30 million to $35 million.
And while we are not providing guidance for fiscal 2025 at this point, we do expect trends to gradually improve and stabilize in the first half of 2025 as we lap the consumer reaction to higher prices.
Two, reshaping the portfolio for future growth, stability, higher margins and cash flow, as well as structuring key platforms for future acquisition growth.
Third, reducing leverage below 5.5 times through divestitures and excess cash flow to facilitate strategic acquisitions in the future.
Maybe to start off, I recall that in the second quarter, I think sales results came in better than the consumption data would have implied.
I guess, in looking back, do you think there was some sort of inventory stocking that might have occurred in the second quarter by shipping ahead of sort of consumption, or was that not really a factor, do you think?
Third quarter, I think there is, Casey alluded to it, we saw some of our key customers, from what we've been told, took inventory down.
And then your comments on looking for the business to sequentially improve and stabilize in the first half, certainly not inconsistent, right, with others that have made comments on next year being a below algorithm sort of growth year.
So first, I would say, we have active productivity efforts to help us kind of drive margin improvement, cover inflation, and also offset any weakness in the portfolio.
We will do some restructuring activity in our cost profile to make sure that as we divest businesses, we look not only to take out proportional costs, but also ways to get more efficient with a more focused portfolio.
and it's mostly prudence because every time we believe that maybe we're lapping some of these things, it's probably taking longer in the recovery process.
So I think we said the base business net sales were down ex-Crisco pricing impact ex the Green Giant divestiture are down 3% in Q3.
But I think we're just being cautious in terms of how fast we believe the consumer will come back or really more likely, when do we lap some of the behavior changes that we saw in the wake of the high inflation in the center store food categories, when do those get lapped in terms of their year over year impact in consumer buying patterns.
And do you have any idea, I mean, I guess nobody knows, but is there any preparation you can do for potential tariff risk?
And so that compressed margins and that impacted EBITDA.
If you just simply took our EBITDA range high-to-low and then used the interest expense, the depreciation and the amortization and our tax rate, you get those EPS numbers.
On the premium priced businesses where you have sauced or where you also have some business -- some sides, premium sides, seasons by sides, that business has been fine.
And keep in mind, we don't have -- we don't typically provide guidance for the forward year on this earnings call.
From an input cost standpoint, we're 1%, 2% input cost inflation so far this year is kind of where we are and it feels like next year will be something similar, but we'll obviously update as we get more information and do our fourth quarter results.
Kenneth Keller: I think we disclosed in our earnings comments that right now, what we're seeing kind of isolated inflation in a few categories, we may even have -- that is offsetting some deflation and some others.
But right now, we're seeing the most pressure on pepper and garlic, which are obviously pretty critical to our spices portfolio, Spices seasonings portfolio.
So if these -- if this persists into next year, would you expect your business to continue to decline or do you think there needs to be more spending on those categories in order to hold onto your share?
And then I also had a question about hot cereal, because I would imagine Quaker is going to try to become more aggressive on their oatmeal business at some point, once they restore capacity.
Like, do you foresee those two categories stabilizing and returning to growth?
And they also happen to be two pretty important businesses in our portfolio.
I think this is what the third time that Taco Bell has made kind of pushes into the Mexican category and we've got some pretty strong innovation and plans going into next year.
And so I don't expect that pressure to increase next year, but I think we'll be stronger in terms of pushing back on it and stronger in terms of our innovation and distribution pipeline.
We launch the Standup Pouch and some other things.
On the specialty margin decline in the quarter, is that all the Wesson pressure in Crisco or are there other brands in that portfolio that are seeing some margin declines or pressure?Bruce Wacha:
And it's just tracking the growth of the perimeter of the store, fresh proteins which are up now, I think because the relative pricing spread of packaged and frozen foods has come down.
So we believe that business is a nice growth business and you hear McCormick talk about it.
Second, we've gotten a much, we've got a much stronger innovation pipeline on our Ortega business.
Obviously, Frozen and Vegetables, in terms of the Green Giant frozen portfolio, we need to continue to drive the right price points on our kind of core vegetables and sauce line, but we need to have successful innovation coming to marketplace.
So those are the big areas that we're focused on and those are big businesses for us, innovation-driven business for us with strong brand position.
I mean, we've just seen a lot of kind of reactionary behavior from consumers this year as they looked at high inflation, what percentage of their income they were laying out in food in grocery stores.
We certainly saw the slowdown in July for a number of companies, but kind of post-Labor Day, we saw the snapback.
Is that one-week reduction something that you're still seeing carrying through the fourth quarter or are you seeing your retailer starting to adjust that?Kenneth Keller: I think we've seen that reduction, whether it's depending on the retailer a couple of days or maybe even a few up to a week, we've seen that kind of carry forward, but we didn't see further inventory reduction in the August-September timeframe.
And the only behavior change we're seeing this year is that they're probably putting -- they're forcing less inventory out early in the season and letting it kind of flow through.
I mean, they may not order as many pallets out to force out in the stores, but we're seeing stronger pull through later in the season as they begin to sell through all that merchandise that they have at the promoted price points.
and I think it's kind of an inventory management play for most of our retailers.
What is the impact in terms of valuations when you guys look at your potential divestiture program?
Just to say, like, in a slow environment, are you seeing kind of contraction on potential M&A multiples as you look to right size your portfolio?
So you'll see that in our balance sheet in the Q and the press release, and $265 million of notes.
And then it sounds like from the inventory customer kind of rebalancing on the -- customers are rebalancing on the inventory side.
But should be -- should it be an outsized source this quarter as you rebalance inventory levels in trade?
Last year, for us, was outsized inventory reduction.
This year, overall, we're looking for more modest levels of inventory reduction.
And you'll see that -- for example, if you look at our third quarter inventory versus inventory, it was adjusted to be like-for-like.
Third quarter is our peak from a public reporting inventory period.
And then we typically, as you said, will reduce inventory during the course of the fourth quarter as just the natural flow of the business.
Probably not as extreme anymore without the canned business as it was in the past, but still definitely a reduction in inventory during the fourth quarter.
Should you buy stock in B&G Foods right now?Before you buy stock in B&G Foods, consider this:The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and B&G Foods wasn’t one of them.
Now, it’s worth noting Stock Advisor’s total average return is 915% — a market-crushing outperformance compared to 183% for the S&P 500.
Don't miss the latest top 10 list, available with Stock Advisor, and join an investing community built by individual investors for individual investors.
*Stock Advisor returns as of April 1, 2026.
As with all our articles, The Motley Fool does not assume any responsibility for your use of this content, and we strongly encourage you to do your own research, including listening to the call yourself and reading the company's SEC filings.
B&G Foods (BGS) Q3 2024 Earnings Call Transcript was originally published by The Motley Fool
A major teachers' union is calling for its members to skip Target when buying back-to-school supplies, the latest twist in a series of boycotts that have targeted the big-box retailer as its turnaround shows signs of life, CNBC has learned.
The AFT, or American Federation of Teachers, passed a resolution Thursday that calls on its 1.8 million members and others to shop at local stores and not at Target, saying the company did not respond adequately to the surge of federal immigration enforcement in the retailer's hometown of Minneapolis this winter.
Target's annual sales have declined for the past three years in a row, but the company's new CEO Michael Fiddelke laid out an ambitious plan earlier this month to refresh its stores, add more enticing merchandise and return to sales growth.
The retailer said it expects net sales to rise about 2% this fiscal year compared with the prior year and anticipates sales will grow every quarter.
Earlier this month, Atlanta area pastor Jamal Harrison Bryant announced the end of a yearlong boycott of the company, called Target Fast, which had started because of the company's rollback of major diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives.
At an investor meeting in Minneapolis in early March, Fiddelke stressed that it's "a new chapter for Target."
In an interview with CNBC, Weingarten said the AFT's boycott is focused on what she called Target's lack of response to the surge of aggressive and violent immigration enforcement in its own backyard.
She said Target is "more worried about standing with the Trump administration than the communities that made them a profitable company.
April 1 (Reuters) - Intel (INTC) said it would spend $14.2 billion to buy back the 49% stake it had sold to Apollo Global Management in its Ireland manufacturing facility, taking full ownership of the plant as its finances improve and AI drives demand for its processors.
Shares of the company rose 6% in early trading on Wednesday.
Apollo had paid $11.2 billion in 2024 to acquire the stake in a joint venture related to the plant in the town of Leixlip outside Dublin, giving the then-struggling Intel a cash infusion to fund its manufacturing expansion in Europe and the United States.
Intel has since changed CEOs, with current top boss Lip-Bu Tan pursuing an aggressive restructuring to repair the company's finances, including job cuts and asset sales.
The chipmaker has also received billions of dollars in investments from Nvidia and the U.S. government, which is now its biggest shareholder.
After sitting out the artificial intelligence boom for nearly three years, demand is also rising for its central processors used in data centers due to inference, the process by which AI tools such as ChatGPT respond to user queries.
"Today, we have a stronger balance sheet, improved financial discipline and an evolved business strategy," Intel Chief Financial Officer David Zinsner said on Wednesday.
Intel said the stake buyback would be funded with cash on hand and about $6.5 billion of new debt.
It expects the deal to boost profit and strengthen its credit profile from 2027.
Top 5 Upgrades:-Raymond James upgraded Disney (DIS) to Outperform from Market Perform with a $115 price target.
The current macro backdrop and Disney's international visitation headwinds provide an opportunity to invest at a "very attractive valuation," the firm tells investors in a research note.-DA Davidson upgraded Rivian (RIVN) to Neutral from Underperform with an unchanged price target of $14.
The firm cites valuation for the upgrade following the stock's recent selloff.-Wolfe Research upgraded Edwards Lifesciences (EW) to Outperform from Peer Perform with a $92 price target.
Checks suggest Medtronic's (MDT) long-term Evolut TAVR data "flop" in February sets Edwards up for material share gain, the firm tells investors.-Raymond James upgraded UnitedHealth (UNH) to Outperform from Market Perform with a $330 price target.
The firm believes the company's expense upside is greater than the Street expects following recent management comments-HSBC upgraded Wells Fargo (WFC) to Buy from Hold with a price target of $94, down from $104.
Top 5 Downgrades:-Goldman Sachs downgraded Nike (NKE) to Neutral from Buy with a price target of $52, down from $76.
The firm left the company's fiscal Q3 report "incrementally cautious" on the timeline of its recovery.
JPMorgan and BofA also downgraded the shares to Neutral-equivalent ratings.-Raymond James downgraded Apellis (APLS) to Market Perform from Outperform without a price target after the company entered into an agreement to be acquired by Biogen (BIIB) for $41.00 per share in cash at closing, or $5.6B. JPMorgan, Cantor Fitzgerald, Citi and Stifel also downgraded Apellis to Neutral-equivalent ratings.-Citi downgraded PPG (PPG) to Neutral from Buy with a price target of $113, down from $132.
The firm cites earnings headwinds and demand uncertainty for the downgrade of PPG.-JPMorgan downgraded First Citizens (FCNCA) to Neutral from Overweight with a price target of $2,200, down from $2,450.
The firm says a lack of interest rate cuts this year is the "exact opposite" to what First Citizens' SVB franchise needs to show strong loan and deposit growth.-Leerink downgraded Centessa (CNTA) to Market Perform from Outperform with a $40 price target after Eli Lilly (LLY) announced an agreement to acquire the company for $38 per share in cash plus a non-transferable contingent value right worth up to $9 per share.
Shares of Apple (AAPL), Google (GOOG), Nvidia (NVDA), and Microsoft (MSFT) were modestly higher despite a warning from Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) that it would target the companies’ operations.
Anticipation continues to build around an Anthropic (ANTH.PVT) IPO, expected as early as this year, as well as the public debut of Elon Musk’s SpaceX (SPAX.PVT).
On Thursday, Tesla (TSLA) will release its first quarter delivery numbers, offering a glimpse at the changing electric vehicle landscape.
An end to the conflict boosts the attractiveness of risk assets, which tend to be reactive to headlines and macro trends.
Bitcoin was supported by stronger ETF demand at the end of March.
The all-time high for bitcoin was $126,198.07 on Oct. 6, 2025.
Here’s a look at how the opening ethereum price has changed versus last week, month, and year:-One week ago: -2.4%-One month ago: +9%-One year ago: +15.4%The all-time high for ethereum was $4,953.73 on Aug. 24, 2025.
So, if you sold crypto for a profit at any point during 2025, that activity is reported when you file your 2025 return in early 2026.
Bitcoin price chartWhether you’re brand new to tracking the value of bitcoin or a more seasoned crypto investor, Yahoo Finance’s price-of-bitcoin chart below shows a visual history of how the currency's value continues to move and evolve.
The war in Iran has stalled shipments of oil and its products through the Strait of Hormuz, raising concerns among Chinese manufacturers at the trade fair about further disruption across the global supply chain.
James Li, who makes scarves and said he sells a third of his inventory to the U.S., has marked up his polyester products by 5%.
"If oil prices rise any further, we really won't be able to manage.
"Cameron Johnson, senior partner at Shanghai-based supply chain consultancy Tidalwave Solutions, said he foresees competition for oil-related products among entire sectors if the crisis at the Strait of Hormuz isn't resolved soon.
As a market-neutral strategy that seeks to exploit the significant disparity between the valuations of value and growth stocks, the strategy is satisfied with its long-term performance.
Since its inception, it has achieved a cumulative gross return of 69.3% (50.6% net), without any substantial reduction in the valuation gap.
This was fueled by strong stock selection efforts, supported by a proprietary valuation model, along with robust risk management practices.
In addition, you can check the portfolio’s top 5 holdings to find out its best picks for 2025.
In its fourth-quarter 2025 investor letter, GMO highlighted stocks like HubSpot, Inc. (NYSE:HUBS).
On March 31, 2026, HubSpot, Inc. (NYSE:HUBS) stock closed at $244.10 per share.
%, and its shares lost 58.84% over the past 52 weeks.
HubSpot, Inc. (NYSE:HUBS) has a market capitalization of $12.87 billion.
GMO stated the following regarding HubSpot, Inc. (NYSE:HUBS) in its fourth quarter 2025 investor letter:"One of the worst performers in the group for the year, which averaged an 80-bp short position and added 0.4% to absolute performance, was HubSpot, Inc. (NYSE:HUBS).
If you are anxious to know what severe economic challenges HubSpot faced to send its shares crashing more than 40%, we will have to disappoint you—HubSpot grew its customers and revenues by broadly 20% during the year without compromising margins.
Quite simply, high expectations for huge earnings beats meant that even strong results were viewed as insufficient, leading to sharp sell-offs.
This is a key reason why we are not obsessing over identifying the catalyst for future growth stock underperformance—the weight of expectation built into valuations will inevitably lead to investor disappointment at some point.
According to our database, 56 hedge fund portfolios held HubSpot, Inc. (NYSE:HUBS) at the end of the fourth quarter, compared to 63 in the previous quarter.
If you're looking for an extremely undervalued AI stock that also stands to benefit significantly from Trump-era tariffs and the onshoring trend, see our free report on the best short-term AI stock.
March was characterized by a sharp uptick in volatility, as tensions between the United States and Iran ramped up.
The Cboe Volatility Index , Wall Street's fear gauge, spiked above 30.
Assigned a buy rating by at least 51% of analysts covering the name.
Have an average price target offering upside of at least 35%.
But Carnival's average price target implies that shares could rise 45% from here, and 74% of analysts covering the name have adopted a bullish outlook.
On Friday, HSBC upgraded the stock to a buy rating from hold, saying that Carnival's risk-reward now skews to the upside.
"We acknowledge greater near-term earnings uncertainty versus peers, like RCL, which benefit from derivative protection; however, aligning our new estimates with the HSBC House view which suggests a meaningful near-term, albeit transitory impact to oil prices, CCL shares are trading at a notable discount to historical multiples," wrote analyst Meredith Prichard Jensen.
Jensen's updated share price of $30.10, trimmed from $33.60, implies that Carnival stock could rise 26% from here.
The average price target implies an upside of 70% from here, while 73% of analysts covering the name view it as a buy.
Mainstream DDR5 16GB DRAM product prices are down ~6% since Micron reported," analyst Atif Malik wrote.
"That said, Micron and its memory peers have begun negotiations with the hyperscalers on 3-5 year strategic or long-term agreements to lock in base volumes, pre-payments, and adjustments to quarterly pricing based on market conditions, which should provide support to contract prices, in our view."
Malik's updated price forecast still offers upside of 32% from here.
A fresh start could be just what the stock market needs, if history is any indication.
April is historically the second best performing month for the S & P 500 and only trails behind November, according to the Stock Trader's Almanac.
The start of the U.S.-Iran war, rising oil prices and lingering inflation fears put pressure on equities.
Midterm elections usually introduce volatility in the stock market driven by potential economic policy changes.
"While I expect higher highs towards the end of the year in line with my annual forecast, I think we could be marking some time and chopping along for a little while as some of these macro events and economic issues get ironed out," Hirsch said.
"I think it's moderation in all things," Brady told CNBC's Alex Sherman in a recent interview while discussing his partnership with Ferrero, one of the world's biggest sweets makers.
Brady's partnership with Ferrero includes a campaign pegged to the 2026 World Cup.
McCormick will buy Unilever's food business for a combination of cash and equity, in a deal that values the Unilever unit at nearly $45 billion, the two food companies announced.
To purchase most of Unilever Foods' portfolio, including Hellmann's mayo and U.K. favorite Marmite, McCormick will pay $15.7 billion in cash.
The deal will add billions of dollars in annual sales for McCormick and expand the spice giant's portfolio further into spreads and condiments.
About 70% of Unilever Foods' sales come from Hellmann's and Knorr, a food brand known for its seasonings, stock cubes and soups.
In December, Unilever spun off its ice cream business, now trading separately as Magnum Ice Cream Co.The merger with McCormick does not include Unilever's food business in India.
The two companies expect that the deal will close in mid-2027, pending shareholder and regulatory approval.
McCormick is projecting sustainable organic sales growth of 3% to 5% after the two businesses merge.
"This is a combination of two companies already with the support and the discipline and the knowledge of running the business, coming together to execute this integration," McCormick CEO Brendan Foley said on a joint investor call with Unilever on Tuesday.
He later said on a call with reporters that McCormick had been thinking about a potential deal with Unilever's food business for "a number of years."
When the deal closes, Unilever will appoint four out of the 12 members on the combined company's board.
The combined company will also have a secondary stock listing in Europe.
The deal follows a broader trend among Big Food.
Shares of McCormick fell 6% in morning trading, while Unilever's stock down 4%, reflecting investors' hesitance about the mega-merger.
"We acknowledge the significant strategic merit and likely compelling [earnings per share] accretion from this potential transaction but also concede the hefty likely deal value, execution risk and resultant majority ownership of the combined entity by Unilever shareholders could dampen initial investor enthusiasm," Barclays analyst Andrew Lazar wrote in a note to clients on March 20, after The Wall Street Journal reported the initial talks between the two companies.
That's amid turmoil in the broader market, with both the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the Nasdaq Composite in a correction.
"But not in this market."Buffett said the firm has made more than $100 billion in the stock pretax, and was favorable in his comments regarding Tim Cook's leadership of the firm over Steve Jobs.
Well they made it, and with the official announcement of their historic fundraise, put an exclamation point in their achievements," DA Davidson analyst Gil Luria said in a note.
Growth vs. S&P 500 playersIf OpenAI were public, it would now be the 11th-largest company in the S&P 500 (^GSPC), strategist Charlie Bilello at Creative Planning pointed out.
OpenAI's valuation is second only to Elon Musk's SpaceX (SPAX.PVT) at $1.45 trillion.
SpaceX is widely seen as heading toward an IPO before year-end.
Click here for in-depth analysis of the latest stock market news and events moving stock pricesRead the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
That's because it's become clear that geopolitics, oil, artificial intelligence disruption and private credit are no longer just side risks this year, analyst Andrew Ferremi said in a note last week.
Stocks tumbled again last week, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average ending Friday more than 10% from its most recent high and entering correction territory, while the S & P 500 notched its fifth straight week of losses.
Ferremi and his team polled the firm's sector analysts on the best ideas for investors to manage the latest bout of market volatility.
Investors can nab attractive portfolio income with Extra Space Storage , coming in with the highest yield on the list at roughly 5 % .
The real estate investment trust focuses on self-storage properties, which have historically been resilient through economic cycles, analyst Brendan Lynch wrote.
"We believe the largest players are best positioned to capture demand and leverage technology given large volumes of customer data and strong brand recognition," Lynch said.
The stock is about flat on the year, but Barclays believes it could rally nearly 32% from Friday's close, based on its $170 price target.
However, investors get paid to wait with the stock's 2.1% dividend yield.
It is one of the defensive banks and has one of the strongest balance sheets in the sector, analyst Jason Goldberg said.
"Its franchise is complete (promotes stronger and deeper relationships with customers), global (allows it to serve more clients everywhere), diversified (supports more stable earnings in any operating environment), and at scale (offsets margin compression through volume growth and facilitates efficiencies)," he wrote.
His $391 price target suggests 38% upside from Friday's close.
Meanwhile, Coca-Cola could move around 10% higher, based on Barclays' $83 price target.
The beverage giant is "the best example of a truly defensive, high quality Staples business," analyst Lauren Lieberman said.
The stock pays a 2.8% dividend yield and has gained almost 10% year to date.
Lastly, Merck & Co. has the "safe haven" characteristics investors seek from a pharma company during times of macro uncertainty, analyst Emily Field said.
Her price target of $140 suggests 17% upside from Friday's close.
The stock has a 2.9% dividend yield and has moved about 11% higher so far this year.
Argus•Apr 01, 2026Daily Spotlight: Not a Good Start to the YearMarket OutlookBullish-ShortSummaryThe first quarter of 2025 on Wall Street is in the books.
The quarter is typically a positive one for equities, as the average gain for the period since 1980 has been 2.0%.
The average gain for the recovery years was 14.7%.
The average gain for the S&P 500 in the month since 1980 is 1.5%.
We note that market returns in April have exceeded 5% on eight occasions since 1980, including a 9.4% gain in 2009 as the market was beginning to recover from the financial crisis, a 12.7% surge in 2020 as the market started to recover from the COVID-19 pandemic, and a 5.1% gain in 2021 as COVID-19 vaccines rolled out.
Last year in April, stocks slumped 2.2%, before the bull market returned in May.
April is a busy month on Wall Street, as companiesUpgrade to begin using premium research reports and get so much more.
This was the moment AI went mainstream, and since then, companies operating in this emerging industry have experienced astronomical growth.
Nvidia stock, for example, is up tenfold since the start of 2023, while Palantir Technologies stock has soared more than 20-fold.
Continue »All of the names I just mentioned can be found in the Roundhill Generative AI and Technology ETF(NYSEMKT: CHAT), an exchange-traded fund (ETF) that invests exclusively in companies developing AI infrastructure, platforms, and software.
The Iran war has prompted a broad market sell-off, so investors have an opportunity to scoop up a single share of the Roundhill ETF for less than $62 as of the close of trading Tuesday, a 7% discount to its all-time high.
An actively managed ETF packed with AI leadersETFs can either be passively managed or actively managed.
A passive fund tracks the performance of an index like the S&P 500(SNPINDEX: ^GSPC), so its portfolio managers don't really have any influence over its holdings.
The Roundhill Generative AI and Technology ETF is actively managed, and it has led to market-crushing returns since its launch in May 2023.
However, it charges investors higher fees than most passive index funds, and there is an elevated risk of volatility because of its sole focus on the AI industry.
The Roundhill ETF currently holds 44 stocks in its portfolio, including almost every major AI name.
Portfolio weightings are accurate as of March 29, 2026, and are subject to change.
Those notable names make up a combined 36.4% of its entire portfolio (by value).
As you can see, AI infrastructure companies feature prominently in the ETF.
Alphabet, Microsoft, and Amazon are among the biggest buyers of data center chips, and they rent the computing capacity to enterprises and AI developers via the cloud.
This has become a lucrative business model; all three have experienced a sharp acceleration in their cloud revenue growth since early 2023.
Meta uses AI in the content recommendation algorithms on its social media platforms, which is boosting engagement and driving an increase in advertising revenue.
The Roundhill ETF has produced blistering gainsThe Roundhill Generative AI and Technology ETF was established in May 2023, so it doesn't have a very long track record for investors to assess.
Plus, it's unclear how the ETF will perform when the AI industry hits a speed bump, because it has mostly been smooth sailing for tech in the past three years.
With all of that said, the Roundhill ETF has delivered an incredible return of 132% since its inception, crushing the S&P 500, which is up just 51% over the same period.
As a result, the Roundhill ETF has an expense ratio of 0.75%, which is the proportion of the fund deducted each year to cover management costs.
That may not sound like much, but it's 25 times more than an investor would pay for an identical stake in the Vanguard S&P 500 ETF, which has an expense ratio of just 0.03%.
And over time, fees can meaningfully eat into an investor's long-term returns.
Costs aside, investors shouldn't bet the farm on the Roundhill ETF because of its complete exposure to the AI industry, which gives it real industry-specific downside risks.
However, the ETF would be a great addition to a diversified portfolio, especially if that portfolio currently lacks enough exposure to the AI industry.
Should you buy stock in Tidal Trust II - Roundhill Generative Ai & Technology ETF right now?Before you buy stock in Tidal Trust II - Roundhill Generative Ai & Technology ETF, consider this:The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Tidal Trust II - Roundhill Generative Ai & Technology ETF wasn’t one of them.
The Motley Fool has positions in and recommends Advanced Micro Devices, Alphabet, Amazon, Meta Platforms, Micron Technology, Microsoft, Nvidia, Palantir Technologies, and Vanguard S&P 500 ETF.
The offering allows homebuyers to use their crypto assets as collateral.
"It starts with bitcoin, starts with [USD Coin], but going forward, it can be Apple stock or Amazon stock, or any publicly traded mutual fund, bond fund, something that you might hold in your IRA, you're going to be able to pledge that to buy a home.
The idea is to serve Americans who have enough crypto assets to fund a mortgage down payment but do not want to sell those assets, which would both incur taxes and forfeit any future appreciation.
Both loans are held by Better, and the crypto assets, once pledged, cannot be traded.
They can be far more expensive than the Better product and require all crypto assets to be used as collateral, not just a certain amount.
Other assets, like ethereum and Solana may be added in the future.
Instead of setting aside collateral for individual loans, the platform uses a portfolio-based structure that allows clients to access liquidity from a pool of digital assets held in custody, such as Bitcoin (CRYPTO: $BTC) and Ethereum (CRYPTO: $ETH).
More From Cryptoprowl:-Eightco Secures $125 Million Investment From Bitmine And ARK Invest, Shares Surge-Stanley Druckenmiller Says Stablecoins Could Reshape Global Finance“That combination of flexibility, service, and control is what institutions have been missing in digital asset markets,” said BitGo in a written statement.
Institutional clients can also lend assets from the same account, either to generate yield or to free up capital for trading and crypto purchases.
Demand for credit against cryptocurrency holdings has risen over the past year, and this has led exchanges and decentralized finance (DeFi) platforms to expand their lending offerings.
BTGO stock has declined 55% over the past 12 months to trade at $8.23 U.S. per share.
They cited the need to restock oil inventories as well as heightened concerns regarding geopolitical risk, supply security and spare capacity, which should prop up prices even as tensions ease.
Morgan Stanley lifted its forecast for WTI in 2028 and beyond to $70 a barrel, up from $65.
Those higher energy prices are bad news for consumers, but they're a tailwind for select oil exploration and production companies, the analysts said.
The analysts upgraded Chord Energy to overweight from equal weight and lifted their price target to $168 from $114, suggesting nearly 15% upside from Monday's close.
YTD mountain Chord Energy in 2026 "CHRD is a key beneficiary of higher oil prices, screening well versus peers on [free cash flow] and shareholder returns," they said.
Assuming a WTI price of $80 a barrel, Chord Energy offers an 18% free cash flow yield, compared to the oil E & P average of 12%, as well as a 12% shareholder return yield, versus the peer average of 6%, the firm found.
Chord Energy has had a strong start to the year, up more than 53% in 2026, but the company also pays an attractive dividend.
The stock offers a current dividend yield of 3.6% and last month hiked its base dividend to $1.30 a share, an increase of 4%.
"We expect CHRD to continue to realize capital efficiency gains and see a positive rate-of-change on its longer lateral program," the Morgan Stanley analyst said.
Alvopetro Energy Ltd (TSX-V:ALV, OTC:ALVOF, FRA:A6Y0) said on Wednesday it has secured additional firm natural gas sales for 2026 and 2027 under an amended long-term agreement with Bahiagás, increasing contracted volumes and supporting higher expected production.
The Calgary-based company said the revised deal raises firm gas sales by 25% to 500 thousand cubic metres per day, with an additional 100 thousand cubic metres per day to be supplied between January 2026 and December 2027.
Alvopetro said the expanded agreement builds on existing pricing terms, including a previously announced adjustment that lifted its base gas price to 1.85 Brazilian reais per cubic metre from February through April 2026.
The company also reported record production in the first quarter of 2026, with sales volumes averaging 3,124 boepd, a 24% increase from 2025.
March output reached 3,209 boepd, including 17 million cubic feet per day of natural gas in Brazil, alongside condensate and modest oil production.
Elon Musk's SpaceX is expected to imminently file for an initial public offering (IPO) valued at as much as $1.75 trillion, indicating it will be the largest IPO on record.
They're getting a crack at up to 30% of the shares.
That's triple the usual IPO allocation for retail investors, confirming SpaceX is likely to be one of the hottest IPO stocks in recent memory for the non-professional crowd.
Continue »The IPO also has wide-ranging implications for some well-known exchange-traded funds (ETFs), including the Invesco QQQ ETF (NASDAQ: QQQ) and the Invesco NASDAQ 100 ETF (NASDAQ: QQQM).
The primary difference between the two is that the Invesco QQQ ETF charges 0.18% annually, or $18 on a $10,000 stake, while its cousin charges 0.15%.
So the SpaceX IPO will affect the two ETFs in essentially the same fashion.
For "whale" IPOs such as SpaceX, there's fierce competition between Nasdaq and the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE).
Bragging rights and prestige are part of it, but ultimately it's about boosting long-term trading revenue.
The rumor mill indicates that SpaceX is considering a Nasdaq stock exchange listing, leveraging its lucrative IPO to compel the exchange operator to rapidly include the stock in the Nasdaq-100.
The long and short of it is that if a company's market capitalization puts it within the top 40 of Nasdaq-100 members after 15 trading days, it's eligible for inclusion.
For Musk and SpaceX investors, that's relevant because if the stock is included in that gauge, all active managers and passive index funds that benchmark to it have to include it.
Parnassus Investments, an investment management company, released the “Parnassus Mid Cap Fund” fourth-quarter 2025 investor letter.
Looking ahead to 2026, the Fund is optimistic, as mid-cap stocks may drive the market upward if economic growth continues to expand beyond AI.
In the event of a market decline, the Fund believes that its portfolio of leading companies with solid financial positions will provide downside protection.
In its fourth-quarter 2025 investor letter, Parnassus Mid Cap Fund highlighted stocks like Atlassian Corporation (NASDAQ:TEAM).
One-month return of Atlassian Corporation (NASDAQ:TEAM) was -11.14%, and its shares lost 69.53% over the past 52 weeks.
Atlassian Corporation (NASDAQ:TEAM) has a market capitalization of $18.00 billion.
Parnassus Mid Cap Fund stated the following regarding Atlassian Corporation (NASDAQ:TEAM) in its fourth quarter 2025 investor letter:"Atlassian Corporation (NASDAQ:TEAM), which sells tools to software developers, underperformed amid concerns that AI automation could disrupt the software engineering space.
According to our database, 57 hedge fund portfolios held Atlassian Corporation (NASDAQ:TEAM) at the end of the fourth quarter, compared to 60 in the previous quarter.
Atlassian Corporation (NASDAQ:TEAM) reported its first-ever $1 billion cloud revenue in the first quarter of fiscal 2026, marking an increase of 26% year over year.
Artisan Partners, an investment management company, released its fourth-quarter 2025 investor letter for “Artisan Mid Cap Value Fund”.
The Fund seeks to invest in undervalued companies with solid financial health and compelling business economics.
US equities continued to advance in the fourth quarter of 2025, despite volatility.
However, as the quarter progressed, risk appetite increased, and clarity around monetary policy improved, leading the Fed to implement rate cuts and end quantitative tightening.
Mid-cap stocks lagged large caps in Q4, particularly on the growth side, as the Russell Midcap® Growth Index declined 3.7% while mid-cap value posted a modest gain and outperformed the growth index for the quarter and full year.
In the quarter, the fund’s Investor Class fund ARTQX returned 1.53%, Advisor Class fund APDQX posted a return of 1.54%, and Institutional Class fund APHQX returned 1.63%, compared to a 1.42% return for the Russell Midcap Value Index.
Please review the Fund’s top five holdings to gain insights into their key selections for 2025.
In its fourth-quarter 2025 investor letter, Artisan Mid Cap Value Fund highlighted NOV Inc. (NYSE:NOV) as one of its leading contributors.
One-month return of NOV Inc. (NYSE:NOV) was -3.59%, and its shares gained 22.94% over the past 52 weeks.
NOV Inc. (NYSE:NOV) has a market capitalization of $6.86 billion.
Artisan Mid Cap Value Fund stated the following regarding NOV Inc. (NYSE:NOV) in its fourth quarter 2025 investor letter:"Our top performers in the energy and financials sectors were NOV Inc. (NYSE:NOV), a provider of oilfield equipment, technology and expertise, and First Citizens, a North Carolina-based bank.
NOV’s quarterly earnings exceeded expectations on the back of strong execution and margin improvement in its energy equipment segment, which more than offset softer conditions in shorter cycle businesses.
Free cash flow generation was particularly strong, reflecting both higher profitability and ongoing working capital efficiency gains.
Capital allocation remains shareholder-friendly, with NOV continuing to return excess cash through dividends and share repurchases while maintaining a conservative balance sheet, with low net leverage and ample liquidity.
From a valuation perspective, its shares trade at a discount to historical and peer EV/EBITDA multiples, supported by a high free cash flow yield and improving cash flow consistency."
The league's collective bargaining agreement with its players expires at the end of this season.
That entity has been teetering with liquidation, and the teams terminated their contracts with the company due to missed payments earlier this year.
The Braves and Charter's Spectrum announced a multiyear distribution agreement earlier this week.
In 2025, MLB's 30 teams had an EBITDA — earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization — margin of under 2%.
Team average revenue was $426 million with average EBITDA of $7 million, including non-MLB ballpark events.
But, similar to the WNBA, which announced its new CBA earlier this week, MLB must ensure negotiations to get a new labor agreement don't jeopardize a wave of positive momentum.
Semiconductor stocks have been a pocket of strength within the technology sector in Q1, with the VanEck Semiconductor ETF (SMH) outperforming the S & P 500 Index by around 7 percentage points year to date.
The ratio of SMH to the SPX shows a significant loss of intermediate-term momentum, suggesting semiconductor stocks will be out of favor over the next several weeks.
The weekly MACD on the ratio has its first downturn since Q1 of last year, which preceded a major correction for semiconductor stocks and the broader market.
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing is a global bellwether and the second-largest holding in SMH at nearly 12% of the ETF.
The stock has a fresh breakdown below the daily cloud model in a bearish intermediate-term shift.
The outlook for TSM relative to the SPX mirrors SMH's relative setup, suggesting the stock will be a source of downside leadership during the corrective phase for equities.
Semiconductor stocks tend to lead in both uptrends and downtrends, so we view the loss of relative strength for SMH and its constituents as a bearish development for the major indices.
This material may contain commentary on broad-based indices, market conditions, different types of securities, and cryptocurrencies, using the discipline of technical analysis, which evaluates the demand and supply based on market pricing.
Fairlead Strategies undertakes no obligation to maintain or update this material based on subsequent information and events or to provide you with any additional or supplemental information or any update to or correction of the information contained herein.
This material does not take into account the particular investment objectives or financial circumstances, objectives or needs of any specific investor, and are not intended as recommendations of particular securities, investment products, or other financial products or strategies to particular clients.
Argus•Apr 01, 2026Technical Assessment: Bullish in the Intermediate-TermIntermediate TermLong TermSummaryThe stock market raced higher on the last day of March, cutting into both monthly and quarterly losses that were quite ugly just a day earlier.
It seems like President Trump may have had enough of low stock prices, high energy costs, and the possible political cost from the war in Iran.
Those are the largest one-day moonshots since May 12, 2025 (whichUpgrade to begin using premium research reports and get so much more.
Thank you for joining Atour's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2025 Earnings Call today.
Amid a volatile recovery, China's travel and consumer markets have become increasingly mature, rational and resilient.
Meanwhile, our retail business sustained strong growth momentum, accounting for nearly 40% of the group's total revenue.
Experience remains the cornerstone of our development and a core driver of growth.
We will firmly follow the course of a lifestyle group, actively exploring and expanding growth path.
In the fourth quarter, our RevPAR was RMB 335.7, representing 99.6% of the level in the same period of 2024, with the recovery showing sequential improvement trend.
By the end of the fourth quarter, the number of hotels in operation reached 2,015, representing a 24.5% year-over-year increase.
As of the same date, our pipeline of hotels under development stood at 779, providing a solid foundation for the continued expansion of our hotel network.
Together, Atour Hotel and Atour Origin form a more competitive brand portfolio in the upper mid-scale market.
The latest product, Atour 3.6, continues to gain market recognition for its meticulous hardware configuration and outstanding service details.
SAVHE Hotel marks a substantial breakthrough in advancing our brand portfolio in the upscale market, leveraging an efficient investment model, innovative experience design and a profound cultural expression, SAVHE Hotel has forged a distinct path within the existing market framework and become a game changer in the upscale segment.
Over the past few years, the traditional consumer market has been mired in homogeneous competition and sluggish growth.
Only brands that truly define new demand and create new value have a chance to break through the industry's structural constraints and chart a differentiated growth path.
Guided by user needs, we have forged this path of differentiated growth through deep insights into users' sleep pain points and continuous product innovation.
This has not only reshaped the market landscape, but also helped drive progress and upgrade across the industry.
In 2025, our retail business sustained strong growth momentum with full year revenue reaching RMB 3.67 billion, representing 67% year-over-year growth.
Throughout the year, we continued to drive product innovation and expand categories and our Deep Sleep ecosystem grew increasingly mature.
Cumulative sales volume of the Deep Sleep Memory Foam Pillow Pro Series has exceeded 10 million units since launch, marking a significant sales milestone.
Our comforter category also delivered robust growth momentum with full year GMV increasing by over 90% year-over-year and market share continuing to rise.
Looking ahead, the industry is entering a new cycle driven by innovation with competition increasingly centered on product value and user experience.
On the supply chain front, we will deepen rigorous management at every stage to ensure product consistency and reliable delivery.
Built on deep user insights and product innovation, we are positioned to consolidate and strengthen our competitive lead.
We will open a new chapter for our development while collaborating with industry partners to elevate quality and innovation across the sector.
In early 2026, we partnered with Starbucks China to launch a joint membership program.
By the end of 2025, our registered individual members reached 112 million, representing a year-over-year growth of over 25%.
The increases were primarily fueled by the ongoing expansion of our hotel network.
The declines were primarily due to a decrease in the number of leased hotels as a result of our product mix optimization.
The increases were driven by growing brand recognition, successful product innovation and a broadened range of product offerings.
The gross margin of our hotel business was 35.8% for the fourth quarter and 37.0% for the full year of 2025.
The gross margin of our retail business improved year-over-year to 52.6% for both the fourth quarter and the full year of 2025, reflecting the growing contribution from higher-margin products.
The year-over-year increase for the full year was mainly due to investment in brand recognition and the effective development of online channels in line with the growth of our retail business.
General and administrative expenses, excluding share-based compensation expenses, accounted for 5.5% and 4.2% of net revenues for the fourth quarter and full year of 2025, respectively.
The year-over-year decrease for the full year was primarily driven by improved management efficiency and economies of scale.
Adjusted net profit margin for the fourth quarter and full year of 2025 was 17.7% and 17.9%, representing an increase of 1.7 percentage points and a decrease of 0.1 percentage points year-over-year.
Adjusted EBITDA margin for the fourth quarter and the full year of 2025 was 25.5% and 25.3%, respectively, up 4.3 and 0.9 percentage points year-over-year.
Through the comprehensive shareholder return initiatives, we are taking concrete actions to reverse shareholders' trust and support, ensuring that all shareholders benefit from the company's growth.
For the full year of 2026, we currently expect total net revenues to increase by 20% to 24% compared with the full year of 2025.
So we've noticed that the overall industry supply growth has slowed slightly.
And additionally, could you please also provide some guidance on new openings in 2026?
We have also observed fluctuations in the overall industry supply growth rate.
However, if we look deeper, what's behind this is that after years of rapid expansion, the industry is now undergoing a profound structural upgrade and gradually moving towards a new stage of high-quality development.
We have never advocated for purely scale-driven growth.
However, high-quality distinctive growth is actually the direction of our long-term pursuit.
[Foreign Language] Maybe can management share with us what do you think is going to be the outlook for the hotel industry in 2026?
In 2025, the hotel industry experienced a moderate recovery with a continued restoration of supply and demand dynamics.
The 2025 full year RevPAR recovery showed a trend of sequential improvement throughout the whole year.
In 2026, the overall industry supply growth may slow down furthermore, Leisure demand remains strong.
We will not provide specific guidance for RevPAR in 2026.
However, favorable policies and the continued recovery of business travel also provide positive factors.
That is to adhere to our strategic focus amidst market volatility.
Therefore, we will persist with and deepen the differentiated experience advantages of Atour, maintaining our more balanced and refined revenue management strategy for both ADR and OCC to consolidate and enhance the performance of RevPAR recovery and solidify our long-term value of the brand.
And so my question is on the retail business, which actually had very strong growth last year.
And also any new product plans and also new category launch?
What will be your retail revenue target for 2026?
Over the past few years, it is fair to say that Atour Planet has adhered to the development philosophy of innovation-driven and product-driven.
We not only released the industry's first Deep Sleep standard, but also propelled the leapfrog growth in the retail business, truly leading the progress and upgrade of China's sleep industry.
While we expect the comfortable category to achieve an even faster growth than pillows, further increasing market share.
Secondly, new categories such as fitted sheets and loungewear will accelerate breakthroughs, achieving scale growth through blockbuster product iterations and category matrix expansion.
Next, I would like to share our outlook for the retail revenue.
Looking at 2026, we expect retail revenue to grow by 25% to 30% year-on-year.
while maintaining the healthy scale growth, we are more focused on the continued consolidation of our core competitiveness.
So we noticed that the company's actual net profit margin in 2025 was better than initially expected at the beginning of the year.
Could you talk about your expected trend for the net profit margin in Q2 set?Haijun Wang: [Interpreted] Thank you, Ronald.
Well, indeed, for the full year of 2025, our group's adjusted net profit margin was approximately 17.9%.
At the beginning of the year, we had estimated that there's going to be changes in revenue structure and a higher effective tax rate, and they would exert some drag on our profit margin.
However, through refined operational management, our profit margins of all business units continued to improve.
And coupled with the policy subsidies being embodied intensively during quarter 4, eventually, our 2025 net profit margin roughly leveled with that of 2024.
Looking ahead to 2026, as our business continues to evolve, the revenue mix of our manachised business, supply chain business and retail business will continue to change.
For instance, to strengthen key positions through workforce expansion and to enhance digital operational capabilities to support the group's long-term development.
Therefore, we anticipate that both our G&A and R&D expense ratios will increase this year.
Therefore, at this starting point of the year, we preliminarily expect the group's net profit margin for 2026 to decline slightly year-on-year.
In 2026, to ensure the quality level of our overall hotel network, we will still maintain a certain proactive elimination rate, terminating cooperation with hotels that fail to meet a tours experiential standards in order to continuously consolidate our brand value in the long term.
Nonetheless, based on the optimization and adjustments already made in 2025, now the foundation of our existing hotel portfolio is more solid.
Therefore, we expect the number of closures in 2026 to decrease.
Should you buy stock in Atour Lifestyle right now?Before you buy stock in Atour Lifestyle, consider this:The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Atour Lifestyle wasn’t one of them.
Atour (ATAT) Q4 2025 Earnings Call Transcript was originally published by The Motley Fool
"An NFL spokesperson said if Brady were to pursue a return to the league, he would first need to divest his ownership stake in the Raiders, citing a 2023 policy that prohibits players or team employees from taking equity in a club.
Bonds There was a lot of action in the bond market Monday as investors looked at the possibility of a rate cut, rather than a hike.
We'll be watching the bond action Tuesday like a hawk — and like a dove.
The Fidelity Corporate Bond ETF (FCOR) is yielding 4.55%.
The iShares 0-5 Year High Yield Corporate Bond ETF (SHYG) yields 7.14%.
The iShares iBoxx High Yield Corporate Bond ETF (HYG) is yielding 5.92%.
The State Street SPDR Bloomberg High Yield Bond ETF ( JNK) is yielding 6.73%.
The stock is off 31% from the October high.
The Amplify Cybersecurity ETF (HACK) is down 19% from the October high.
Nike shares are down 36% from the August 2025 high.
The stock has fallen 21.6% in the past three months.
The stock was all the rage during the Covid pandemic, hitting $107.35 in the spring of 2022.
Shares traded at about half that price on Monday, ending the session at $53.72.
Join us for our third CNBC Pro LIVE, where investors of all backgrounds - from financial professionals to everyday individuals - come together to cut through the noise and gain actionable strategies for smarter, more disciplined investing.
Under the terms of the deal, Lilly will pay $38 a share up front, or $6.3 billion for Centessa, a 38% premium to Monday's closing price.
Shares of Lilly rose roughly 3% Tuesday, while Centessa's stock surged 45%.
Orexin agonists used to treat narcolepsy and another severe sleep condition, called idiopathic hypersomnia, could amount to a $15 billion to $20 billion market if even about one-quarter of patients seek treatment, according to an estimate from Oppenheimer analyst Kostas Biliouris.
Of the Centessa deal, Ricks said, "It's the kind of thing we should be doing to really affect millions and millions of people, potentially, who suffer from neuroscience conditions like wakefulness and sleep."
DateMar. 31, 2026 at 4:30 p.m. ETCall participants-Chief Executive Officer — Sean Desmond-Chief Financial Officer — Gregory D. OrensteinNeed a quote from a Motley Fool analyst?
We exceeded our financial guidance across every key metric and delivered an exceptional ACV result, up 17% year-over-year, which we believe was largely driven by customers embracing our AI strategy and product innovation.
Financial institutions will continue to struggle with legacy fragmented systems that limit growth, hinder financial performance, restrict their ability to leverage data as a competitive advantage and create poor user experiences.
We are the only platform for managing lending, onboarding, account opening and portfolio management across all major lines of business for financial institutions across the globe.
First, in the U.S. enterprise market, we delivered our best sales quarter in over 4 years, which included a mortgage expansion with a top 40 bank and cross-selling commercial to our largest consumer lending customer.
We delivered our largest deal of the year with a marquee net new customer win in Austria, and I'm thrilled with the momentum the EMEA team is seeing.
Today, almost 500 financial institution customers representing over $11 trillion in assets have granted nCino the right to process their data into a proprietary and anonymized data set, one that powers the development of our products, fuels best-in-class industry insights and sharpens the accuracy of our intelligent services.
Regulatory compliance is nonnegotiable and the cost of being wrong can be extremely high, not only financially but reputationally.
And every capability has been built with regulatory compliance in mind.
Because of this, we believe AI agents actually increase the value of our underlying platform and system of record.
While much of the SaaS industry continues to debate how best to respond to the agent economy, community, regional enterprise and global banks, credit unions and IMBs are already using nCino's AI capabilities in production today, not just as a pilot or beta, but as part of how they do lending and banking work.
For years, we have said that nCino is not only in the software business, we are in the change management business and moving every customer from contract signing to implementation to pilot to using nCino's AI and production as an integral part of the day job is the sole focus of our forward deployed engineering team.
nCino's AI innovation and product strategy is showing up as a clear differentiator in competitive conversations.
With agentic credit reviews, released as part of the analyst digital partner family last quarter, nCino summarizes in seconds what changed, highlights the drivers, cites the underlying data and helps draft the follow-ups.
And the work stays inside nCino with the right permissions, the right documentation and the right audit trail.
The bank gets faster answers, more consistent reviews and more capacity for higher-value work, like being in front of customers and growing relationships.
It is the foundation for a new category of proprietary intelligence capabilities, benchmarking, predictive risk, operations analytics and other capabilities and products you will hear about as the year progresses that we believe will create entirely new value for our customers and new revenue streams for nCino.
One of our stockholders recently conveyed, they were reminded how embedded nCino is within a bank's internal and external controls, risk management and governance processes when a top 5 U.S. bank explained to them that they have over 500 exemption workflows configured in nCino that guide every deterministic step of the lending process and that they rely on that process to manage risk, regulatory compliance and audit trials.
As the Agentic operating system for financial institutions, nCino will be the backbone delivering AI with the same compliance guardrails, the same regulatory audit trails, the same institutional policy logic and the same lending decision framework they have grown to trust and rely on.
While still early, we're seeing strong excitement and increasing momentum in AI adoption and growth in usage as measured by intelligence unit consumption.
The outperformance against our financial guidance, the acceleration of ACV bookings, the reacceleration of subscription revenue growth and the improvement and strength of our retention KPIs are all reflections of the impact AI is already having on the business, and we're just getting started.
Today, we are excited to announce that nCino has hired Keith Kettell as our new Chief Revenue Officer.
We believe Keith's experience and vision are a great addition to the company to help us further accelerate our subscription revenues growth and take nCino to the next level.
Gregory D. Orenstein: Thank you, Sean, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this afternoon to review our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2026 financial results.
A reconciliation to comparable GAAP metrics can be found in today's earnings release, which is available on our website and as an exhibit to the Form 8-K furnished with the SEC just before this call.
Total revenues were $149.7 million an increase of 6% year-over-year and $594.8 million for fiscal '26, an increase of 10% over fiscal '25.
Subscription revenues were $133.4 million in the fourth quarter, an increase of 7% year-over-year and $523.1 million for the full year an increase of 12% over fiscal '25.
Organic subscription revenues were $132.2 million in the fourth quarter, up 6% year-over-year and $505.9 million for fiscal '26, an increase of 8% year-over-year.
As a reminder, our fourth quarter organic subscription revenues comparison is negatively impacted by an approximately 3% headwind resulting from onetime subscription revenues that occurred in our international business in the fourth quarter of fiscal '25 as the result of a contract buyout.
Please see Slide 14 of our fourth quarter earnings presentation for additional details on the components of our subscription revenues over performance.
International subscription revenues were $28.4 million in the fourth quarter, up 1% year-over-year or down 4% in constant currency in light of the difficult comparison from the onetime contract buyout last year previously noted.
We had our largest international gross bookings year in company history and with ACV as a leading indicator of future subscription revenues growth, we look forward to our international subscription revenues growth rate once again being accretive.
Professional services revenues were $16.3 million in the fourth quarter, a decrease of 1% year-over-year.
As we have previously highlighted, we are emphasizing professional services gross profit growth over professional services revenues growth and expect to see this reflected within our financial results by the second half of fiscal '27 due in large part to our ongoing initiatives, leveraging AI to accelerate our implementations.
Non-GAAP operating income for the fourth quarter of fiscal '26 was $34.7 million or 23% of total revenues compared with $24.4 million or 17% of total revenues in the fourth quarter of fiscal '25.
Please see Slide 14 of our fourth quarter earnings presentation for additional details on the components of our non-GAAP operating income over performance.
Non-GAAP operating income for the full year was $129.4 million or 22% of total revenues compared with $96.2 million or 18% of total revenues in fiscal '25.
Non-GAAP net income attributable to nCino for the fourth quarter of fiscal '26 was $42.8 million or $0.37 per diluted share compared to $22 million or $0.19 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of fiscal '25.
Non-GAAP net income attributable to nCino for fiscal '26 was $122.7 million or $1.07 per diluted share compared to $84.5 million or $0.72 per diluted share in fiscal '25.
Free cash flow was $12.5 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal '26, up from negative $10.4 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal '25.
Free cash flow for fiscal '26 was $82.6 million up 55% compared to $53.4 million in fiscal '25.
We repurchased approximately 1 million shares of our common stock in the fourth quarter at an average price of $25.84 per share for total consideration of $25 million under the $100 million repurchase authorization announced on December 8, 2025.
When added to the stock repurchases made through the third quarter last year, we repurchased a total of approximately 5 million shares of our common stock in fiscal '26 at an average price of $25.18 per share for total consideration of $125 million.
In addition to the $75 million that remains available under the December 2025 share repurchase authorization, today we announced a $100 million accelerated share repurchase program.
We expect to fund this repurchase program with available free cash flow and with a portion of the $200 million term loan expansion of our existing credit facility, which we also announced today and which was funded by some of our largest customers.
We ended the year with 620 customers that contributed greater than $100,000 to fiscal '26 subscription revenues, an increase of 13% from fiscal '25.
Of these, 114 contributed more than $1 million to fiscal '26, an increase of 9% from fiscal '25 and 14 contributed more than $5 million to fiscal '26 subscription revenues flat with fiscal '25.
ACV as of January 31, 2026, was $602.4 million, an increase of 17% year-over-year.
ACV net retention rate in fiscal '26 increased to 112% or 109% on an organic constant currency basis, up from an ACV net retention rate of 106% in fiscal '25 and reflecting growing demand for our AI-powered platform and solutions among our customer base and success implementing our new asset-based pricing framework.
Subscription revenue retention rate in fiscal '26 was 110% or 106% on an organic constant currency basis compared with a subscription revenue retention rate of 110% in fiscal 2025.
Note that the subscription revenue retention rate was negatively impacted by the difficult compares in the third and fourth quarters this past year.
Additionally, a significant amount of the existing customer expansion that drove the ACV net retention rate improvement occurred in the fourth quarter, so the subscription revenues from those deals are not yet reflected in the subscription revenue retention rate.
For the first quarter of fiscal '27, we expect total revenues of $154.5 million to $156.5 million, with subscription revenues of $137 million to $139 million, an increase of 8% and 10%, respectively, at the midpoint of the ranges.
Non-GAAP operating income in the first quarter is expected to be approximately $38 million to $40 million.
Please note that effective for fiscal '27, we will be providing annual guidance for free cash flow in lieu of quarterly and annual guidance for non-GAAP net income attributable to nCino per share as we believe annual free cash flow is a more meaningful measure of our financial performance.
For fiscal year '27, we expect free cash flow of $132 million to $137 million, up 63% year-over-year at the midpoint of the range, which reflects our guidance range for non-GAAP operating income less certain assumptions, including approximately $15 million of interest expense, $6 million in cash taxes and $1.5 million of fixed asset purchases.
Please recall that our cash collections from customers is highest in the first quarter, which does introduce seasonality to free cash flow.
For fiscal year '27, we expect net additions of $60 million to $65 million on a constant currency and organic basis, which would bring our fiscal '27 ending ACV to $662.5 million to $667.5 million, representing 10% ACV growth at the midpoint of the range.
In order to continue to prudently manage expectations on the booking side of the equation, our ACV guidance framework reflects win percentages that are higher than the approach we took for ACV guidance in fiscal '26, but lower than the win percentages we actually achieved last year.
Also, recognizing that the fourth quarter has historically been, and we expect it to continue to be the largest gross bookings quarter for us each year, similar to this past year, you should not anticipate quantitative revisions to our ACV guidance throughout the year.
For fiscal '27, we expect total revenues of $639 million to $643 million, with subscription revenues of $569 million to $573 million, representing growth of 8% and 9%, respectively, at the midpoint of the ranges.
Excluding U.S. mortgage, our guidance assumes 10% to 11% year-over-year subscription revenues growth.
Please reference Slide 15 in our earnings presentation for assumptions around our subscription revenues guidance.
As you will note, consistent with the guidance philosophy we instituted last year, our guidance assumes approximately 1% growth in U.S. mortgage subscription revenues.
While we recognize mortgage industry volume forecasts are currently indexed higher than what this growth rate reflects, for guidance and internal business planning purposes, our intention is to continue to be prudent around expectations for U.S. mortgage.
To help you reconcile our subscription revenues guidance with our fiscal '26 ACV result, please consider the following: one, a portion of the ACV booked in fiscal '26 contributed to subscription revenues last year.
Two, recall that we define ACV as the highest annualized subscription fee under a customer contract and when subscription fees increase during a contract term, the revenue recognition rules require that they are straight line, which leads to subscription revenues being less than ACV for such contracts.
We expect non-GAAP operating income for fiscal '27 to be $165 million to $170 million.
Finally, I'll leave you with a few additional comments to assist with your modeling that should be construed as supplemental to our formal guidance.
First, international subscription revenues are expected to be accretive to overall subscription revenues growth in fiscal '27, beginning with the first quarter.
Second, we expect to reduce stock-based compensation expense in fiscal '27 as a percentage of total revenues by approximately 100 basis points year-over-year from the 12% reported in fiscal '26.
As a reminder, during our initial Investor Day in September 2023, we referenced a long-term stock-based compensation expense target of 6% to 8% of revenues.
Third, effective January 2026, nCino is self-insuring for medical benefits, which may introduce some volatility to health care expenses in fiscal '27 as we make our way through the first year of the program.
And finally, our subscription revenues outlook includes revenues from both contracted and planned ACV bookings that we attribute to our AI products.
Our customers are validating our AI strategy, reinforcing that it is innovative and compelling and the month-over-month increase in the consumption of intelligence units is trending quite well.
Accordingly, and consistent with our guidance philosophy, while we expect to sell incremental bundles of intelligence units this year, our fiscal '27 subscription revenues guidance does not yet contemplate this.
We have the data, the products, capabilities and global reach, a unique and unmatched AI strategy, a reputation for innovation and for taking care of our customers and a phenomenal customer base that trusts nCino to successfully guide them on this AI journey.
As evidenced by our financial guidance, we feel really good about our headcount and expense plan and our ability to continue generating increasing non-GAAP operating income and free cash flow.
Our financial guidance also reflects reaccelerating subscription revenues growth, and we believe the pieces are in place for that upward subscription revenues growth trend to continue.
We remain confident that we are on track to achieving Rule of 40 around the fourth quarter of this fiscal year.
And while the high end of our financial guidance for fiscal 2027 suggests a Rule of 40 mix of around 10% subscription revenues growth and 30% non-GAAP operating income margin in the fourth quarter, we are keenly focused on driving that mix more towards subscription revenues growth.
Alexander Sklar: Sean or Greg, on the positive sales pipeline commentary and the ACV outlook, can you just frame what you saw in terms of the change in close rates or win rates in the back half of the year versus prior years?
And then how you approach the ACV outlook from a pipeline coverage perspective versus last year?
First of all, we did highlight early in the year our renewed focus on the execution discipline of pipeline growth and our emphasis and prioritization around demand generation in the marketing machine, right?
So I think some of that played out in the back half of the year as our pipeline increased, conversion rates were healthy, but we just had a larger pipeline, and we're seeing that continue into this year over last year as well, and that's why we're so excited about the outlook.
Can you just frame where you're actually seeing the greatest usage across that portfolio of capabilities and skills?
And then in terms of the magnitude of a 25x growth in credit usage versus October, maybe help frame how many of those customers are approaching kind of the upper end of their purchase credit allotment?
The last thing you want is in the first month to be asked for an increase in your monthly subscription, right?
But in particular, your question around what are we seeing traction in, listen, our agenda credit reviews are really exciting, which falls under our analyst digital partner umbrella.
It's all about revenue efficiency and cost savings.
And so I think we're seeing really good gains and traction, specifically around credit monitoring, which is why I highlighted that credit analyst.
Michael Infante: On pricing, obviously, it sounded like a really strong result with 38% of revenue now on the new pricing model.
And while nobody likes a price increase and nobody likes change, I think that we're very prepared for that.
But do you expect the consumption of those incremental credits to be gross margin accretive?
Should we be focusing on incremental gross profit dollars?
Gregory D. Orenstein: And Michael, just to add, I mean, one of the benefits of seeing the usage tick up quite well is that it gives us the opportunity to stress test our gross margin model as we ramp up, and so we've been able to see that over the last few months is again 25x from October to March.
You're talking about 10% to 11% growth ex mortgage for the year.
Ex mortgage, particularly with respect to the U.S. business ex mortgage in terms of subs growth outlook.
And I think that is driving, again, demand for nCino -- for our products.
You can't leverage this revolutionary technology unless your house is in order.
I would point you to the appendix in the back of the earnings call presentation that we put up, you'll see a nice walk in terms of our year.
And the other thing I'd highlight again is the continued downward trend in churn, which, as we know over the last couple of years, has been unusual for us, right, heightened churn, but that coming back more towards historic norms has been a big positive to getting our growth trajectory back towards an upward motion and one that we can build on.
The 1Q guide round numbers looks like 9% to 11% organic subs growth versus 9% to 10% for the full year.
Just trying to reconcile that with your comments earlier, Greg, about being confident in being able to continue to drive this acceleration in subs growth and just how we should think about this cadence throughout the year with respect to that Rule of 40 target.
And we are -- we have been marching towards a point in time where we were going to appoint a Global Chief Revenue Officer.
That's going to help us scale to $1 billion and beyond in terms of where we're going on the revenue growth side.
What I would share with you is that we had a model in place where Paul Clarkson, who ran our North America sales operation is stepping aside for personal reasons, and Keith is coming in to consolidate the global org and we'll have a tight partnership not only in North America, but in EMEA and Asia PAC and with our partner organization, and Keith has a lot of experience in these areas.
I mean, I think with every deal, you learn something new.
And so the rollout has frankly exceeded my expectations, not just from the uplift that we've talked about, but as well just in terms of the execution and you would have heard Sean's prepared remarks, our largest customer by ACV renewed for a 5-year deal, and that would have been on the new platform pricing model.
We're not necessarily selling -- looking to that as a stand-alone revenue engine, but as a strategic foundational platform that sets us up to be the agentic operating system of the future for banks.
We have acknowledged in past calls that it was going to take us the better part of the prior fiscal year to complete the technology integration work.
And now we're looking to convert some of that pipeline here in the first half of this fiscal year.
So we're really excited about onboarding coming into full focus as it's kind of been mainly in the background and the R&D room.
The user doesn't have to change their behavior and the trust and compliance are inherited and the data moat is leveraged.
And those customers, just the same need context, they want trust and compliance and they want to tap into nCino data.
The ability to reduce the time spent analyzing the scores and reams of documentation and data to get to a proactive monitoring position over time, and that's not only upfront to do a deal, but that's maintenance.
And then Greg, just on the Slide 16 that fiscal '27 growth algorithm, I really appreciate the detail there.
On the early renewals, it seems like that's a good sign of the interest in the new innovation.
But what is the duration looking like on early renewals versus the original contract?
Unknown Analyst: This is [ George McGrehan ] on for Koji Ikeda.
So fiscal year '26 sub revenue came in higher than ending fiscal year '25 ACV.
But the initial guidance for fiscal year '27 sub revenue doesn't quite get us to ending fiscal year '26 ACV.
And how would you kind of describe the level of conservatism in this fiscal year '27 sub revenue guide?
Again, the way that we've always defined ACV is the high point of a contract.
And when there's increased pricing during a contract, right, the rev rec rules require you to straight line that.
And so your actual revenue is going to be short or fall short of what your ACV is and what that exit contracted amount is would be another thing to take into account.
And the ACV and subscription revenue would have been more aligned under that historic model that we had.
Specific to the large Japanese deal, that's a multinational deployment that is probably unique in its own regard with respect to some of the coordination that needs to happen upfront before we even start thinking about deploying nCino.
Ella, with respect to the rev rec, just recall with platform pricing, it's going to be straight lined over the term.
And it would generally start a month or two after contract signing, when we would start billing just based on the terms of the contract.
Recall historically, the average contract length of our bank operating customers is upwards of 4 years.
And yes, we do believe that the future long-lasting durable software companies that are going to be the generational companies that can survive inflection points like these are going to be able to deliver AI embedded within existing business processes and in particular, in this banking vertical to lend context and within the guardrails of regulation.
And beyond regulation, you have to consider things like security, there's trust and there's that data moat that you talked about.
As far as the regulation, I would first point you to the fact that we have hundreds of bankers that work at nCino, they come from that world, right?
That's where you start getting into hallucinating on public cloud data that you think regulation lives in the public cloud.
Should you buy stock in nCino right now?Before you buy stock in nCino, consider this:The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and nCino wasn’t one of them.
nCino (NCNO) Q4 2026 Earnings Call Transcript was originally published by The Motley Fool
The major stock indexes fell on Friday as investors weighed energy supply concerns amid the continued tightening of travel at the Strait of Hormuz, leading to certain names falling too hard, too fast for the week.
The market downturn put some stocks across the consumer discretionary, industrials and technology sectors into oversold territory, potentially priming them for a near-term rebound.
Among the most oversold stocks was Meta , which faced two unfavorable outcomes in court last week, in addition to shedding staff.
A stock qualifies as oversold when its relative strength index is below 30.
Conversely, some stocks closed out the week in overbought territory.
Overbought stocks are names that boast RSIs greater than 70.
Here are the most oversold and overbought S & P 500 stocks.
Oversold stocks Meta nearly topped the list of oversold stocks last week after losing two major court cases, in addition to its latest round of layoffs .
The stock has an RSI of 22.1, and it shed more than 11% this week.
Other names in oversold territory are Estée Lauder Companies , Cintas and Lennox International .
Overbought stocks Energy names filled out most of the spots on our list of overbought stocks.
Investors are adding shares of energy companies to their portfolios as the Iran war is set to enter its fifth week.
The conflict has led to a series of supply chain disruptions that have sent oil prices higher.
Other names on the overbought list include Diamondback Energy , Devon Energy and Occidental Petroleum.
US stocks gained on Wednesday following a powerful rally across Wall Street to wrap up the first quarter, while investors weighed remarks from Trump indicating he may be winding down hostilities against Iran.
The airline currently has a deal with Apple for customers to stream music and Apple TV+ content.
It has more than 280 of these jets on order, and seatback screens could debut with deliveries straight from the factory.
The new program also comes as Novo's pill, which has seen explosive uptake since its U.S. launch in January, is set to face fresh competition from an upcoming oral GLP-1 from chief rival Eli Lilly later this year.
As Novo Nordisk's subscription plans launch, cash-paying patients can still pay $149 per month for the lower doses of the pill, which are 1.5 and 4 milligrams.
DATEThursday, August 29, 2024 at 7 a.m. ETCALL PARTICIPANTS-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer — Haijun Wang-Co-Chief Financial Officer — Jianfeng Wu-Investor Relations Director — Alison ZhangNeed a quote from a Motley Fool analyst?
Hello everyone, and thank you for joining Atour's second quarter 2024 earnings call today.
During the second quarter of 2024, domestic travel market demand remained steady, with leisure tourism extending its healthy upward trajectory alongside continuously evolving customer demand.
We made substantial headway in propelling holistic, high-quality growth across our business and brand portfolio while continuously, deepening our insight into customer needs and amplifying our brand reputation.
Notably, our OCC growth remained solid, reaching 101.7% of 2023's level for the same period, further underscoring Atour's resilient demand and strong brand influence.
Please turn to Slide 6, our synergistic development of Atour and Atour Light has unlocked the substantial growth potential for our group.
In the second quarter, we maintained vigorous momentum in our hotel network expansion with 123 new hotel openings up 76% year-over-year, setting a record pace in new openings for a single quarter.
As of the end of the second quarter, we had a total of 1,412 hotels in operation, representing a 37% year-over-year increase, accelerating our progress toward our goal of 2,000 premier hotels nationwide by 2025.
Please turn to Slide 7, franchisees' confidence remained strong and steadfast this quarter, bolstered by our robust brand influence and product competitiveness, we made significant strides in both the number and efficiency of our new signings with a notable pipeline expansion.
The number of hotels under development reached 712 as of the end of the second quarter, underpinned by a substantial number of high-quality projects, laying a solid foundation for Atour's sustained growth and nationwide expansion.
Since its launch, Atour Light 3.0, our midscale product, has garnered broad praise and recognition from customers and franchisees.
In the second quarter, we partnered with renowned cultural IPs to launch a series of summer events at Atour Light 3.0 Hotels, fostering stronger connections with customers and further enhancing Atour Light's brand visibility.
As we explore and embrace a more vibrant and diversified Chinese experience, we have observed a notable rise in the proportion of young and female customers at Atour Light hotels.
As our second growth driver, our retail business sustained its outstanding performance in the second quarter, with GMV up by 157.6% year-over-year to RMB620 million and sales from online channels accounting for over 90% of the total GMV.
Atour Planet excelled once again during this year's 618 Shopping Festival, with total GMV reaching RMB310 million, setting a new sales record for shopping festivals and significantly outpacing other brands' year-over-year sales growth across many major e-commerce platforms.
Furthermore, our Deep Sleep Lightweight comforter has garnered extensive acclaim since its release earlier this year underscored by a surge in sales momentum during the 618 Shopping Festival, with total sales exceeding 170,000 units, topping the sales charts in its category on Tmall, JD.com, and Douyin.
Atour Planet's impressive growth in the second quarter despite market softness stems from Atour's deep insight into and relentless pursuit of the Deep Sleep concept.
Since the beginning of the year, Atour Planet has achieved significant breakthroughs across research and development as well as new product launches in the comforter category.
Crafted from cutting-edge fiber materials, the Thermo-Regulating Comforter outperforms silk in temperature and humidity variation tests, delivering superior temperature regulation and dryness.
Our consistent refinement of the membership program and the resulting rapid growth of our membership base have dynamically propelled Atour's development.
As of the end of the second quarter, our registered individual members surpassed 76 million, marking a 72.5% increase year-over-year.
For example, during the Labor Day Holiday in May, we successfully hosted the Atour Lying-Down Festival in Nantong, catering to the new wave of tourism consumption and precisely aligned with today's diverse leisure travel demand for comfortable and relaxing travel experiences.
In June, we proudly launched the Yuan Meng Project in partnership with a non-profit organization.
Our net revenue for the second quarter of 2024 grew by 64.5% year-over-year and 22.4% quarter-over-quarter to RMB1,797 million.
The year-over-year increase was driven by robust growth in the Manachised hotel business and retail business.
The quarter-over-quarter increase was mainly attributable to an increase in RevPAR, which reached RMB359 for the second quarter of 2024, compared with RMB328 for the previous quarter.
The year-over-year increase was primarily fueled by our ongoing hotel network expansion and the rapid growth of our supply chain business.
The quarter-over-quarter increase was mainly due to an increase in RevPAR.
Revenues contributed by our leased hotel for the second quarter of 2024 were RMB180 million, reflecting a 17.9% year-over-year decline, about 7.3% quarter-over-quarter increase.
The year-over-year decline was primarily due to a decrease in the number of these hotels as a result of our product mix optimization as well as a decrease in RevPAR.
The quarter-over-quarter increase was driven by an increase in RevPAR, our leased hotels RevPAR was RMB503 for the second quarter of 2024, compared with RMB455 for the previous quarter.
Revenues from our retail business for the second quarter of 2024 were RMB537 million, marking a significant increase of 153.6% year-over-year and 28.8% quarter-over-quarter.
These increases were driven by widespread recognition of our retail brands and effective product innovation and development as we successfully broadened our range of product offerings.
In the second quarter of 2024, comforter sales accounted for over 20% of retail revenues, further accelerating the growth of our retail business.
Operating costs and expenses for the second quarter of 2024 totaled RMB1,400 million, including RMB24 million share-based compensation expenses compared with RMB816 million, including RMB10 million share-based compensation expenses for the same period of 2023.
These increases were primarily due to the increase in variable costs, such as supply chain costs associated with our ongoing hotel network expansion.
The gross margin of our hotel business was 35.7% for the second quarter of 2024, compared with 39.8% for the same period of 2023, due to an increase in RevPAR attributable to a high base effect in the same period of 2023, as well as an increased share of revenue generated by the lower margin supply chain business.
These increases were associated with the rapid growth of our retail business.
The gross margin of our retail business was 50.6% for the second quarter of 2024, compared with 49.2% for the same period of 2023, driven by an increasing contribution from higher margin online sales.
This increase was mainly due to our enhanced investment in brand recognition and the effective development of online channels aligned with the growth of our retail business.
Selling and marketing expenses accounted for 12.5% of revenue of net revenues for the second quarter of 2024, compared with 8.6% for the same period of 2023.
General and administrative expenses for the second quarter of 2024 were RMB91 million including RMB15 million share-based compensation expenses compared with RMB73 million, including RMB9 million share-based compensation expenses for the same period of 2023.
Excluding share-based compensation expenses, the increase was primarily due to an increase in labor costs.
General and administrative expenses, excluding share-based compensation expenses, accounted for 4.2% of net revenues for the second quarter of 2024, compared with 5.9% for the same period of 2023.
This increase was mainly due to increased investment in technology, systems, and infrastructure to support our expanding hotel network and retail business and to improve customer experience.
Adjusted net income for the second quarter of 2024 will was RMB328 million, representing a 31.6% increase year-over-year.
Adjusted net profit margin for the second quarter of 2024 was 18.2%, representing a decrease of 4.6 percentage points year-over-year.
Adjusted EBITDA for the second quarter of 2024 was RMB443 million, up by 28.6% year-over-year with an adjusted EBITDA margin of 24.6%, which decreased 6.9 percentage points year-over-year.
The decreases in both margins were primarily due to a decline in RevPAR and an increased revenue contribution from lower margin supply chain business along with organic growth in selling and marketing expenses amid our retail business expansion.
We also maintained a healthy cash position with a stable growth momentum.
For the full year of 2024, we currently expect the company's total net revenue to increase by 48% to 52% compared with full year 2023.
As part of the company's ongoing efforts to enhance shareholder value.
Today, we also announced a three-year annual dividend policy.
Under the annual dividend policy, we plan to declare and distribute dividends with an aggregate amount of no less than 50% of net income for the preceding financial year in each of the three financial years commencing this year.
Today, we declared a cash dividend of $0.15 per ordinary share or $0.45 per ADS.
First of all, congratulations on the new quarterly record on hotel new openings.
We saw signing progress trended very well in Q2 but Mr. Wang also mentioned about RevPAR year-on-year decline due to high base.
And in that second quarter, we maintained a very positive trend in hotel network expansion with 123 new hotel openings, which also once again broke our quarterly record, and due to this acceleration of openings in the first half of the year, we are now confident that this full year's new openings target will increase from 360 to 400.
Meanwhile, we have also applied more stringent requirements on projects' quality this year, because we aim to achieve quality growth with quality.
And besides, we believe that now in China, with the increasing chain rate of upper midscale and mid-scale hotel market also that we see the customers are having increasing demand for higher quality products and better accommodation experiences.
And we do have enough capabilities to leverage our Atour and Atour Light brands to differentiate ourselves and exert our brand influence to bring some impact to the hotel market and there is enough room for our future growth of both Atour and Atour Light.
The first question is that, may you share with us the company's RevPAR performance since July and does the company have guidance for the full year 2024 RevPAR?
The second question is that considering the changes in the Group's revenue structure, may you give us some color on the full-year margin outlook.
Well in quarter three last year, with the full recovery of domestic tourism, we saw the number of tourists embarked on their summer trips significantly exceeded 2019's level, and this year, our performance in the tourism market actually showed some resilience.
We can see that the same hotel RevPAR for mature hotels in operation for more than 18 months, their performance is expected to outperform the Group's blended performance by about 2 percentage points, which is maintained at a relatively stable position.
And as for our revenue guidance, despite some volatility in RevPAR, we do expect the group's 2024 revenue to maintain a faster growth and like we previously mentioned, we would like to raise our 2024 full-year revenue growth guidance from 40% as we estimated in the last quarter, to 48% to 52% year-over-year, maintaining our industry-leading growth rate driven by our continued expansion of hotel network and a rapid development of our retail business.
As for profit, considering the fluctuation of RevPAR this year, and like you have mentioned, our revenue structure change and continuous optimization of our cost structure, our adjusted net profit margin is expected to remain at about 18% for the whole year.
Could you please share with us the opening guidance of Atour 4.0 this year?
And how would this contribute to RevPAR increase?
Well, our plan is to officially launch our next generation upscale brand within this year, hoping to continuously boosting the development of our brand with some new vitality.
[Interpreted] Congratulations to management for achieving very rapid expansion in the midscale market.
Since the launch of our Atour Light, it has been highly recognized in the market.
And based on our initiatives of the diversification and youngness of the Chinese experience, we now see a significant increase in the proportion of young consumers and female consumers, both of them for Atour Light.
I thought company announced the dividend plan for the next three years roughly calculating the dividend payout ratio is about 60% of the last year net growth rate.
So what's the guidance on the dividend payout ratio for the next two years.
Also, I want to know if the company will consider other shareholder return plans such as share.
Based on our confidence in the company's future long-term development and upon careful consideration of our profit distribution, we have declared the distributed dividends with an aggregate amount of no less than 50% of its net income for the preceding financial year in each of the announced three financial years commencing this year.
However, as our company is still now in a rapid growth phase, we will maintain some flexibility and capital utilization while ensuring business development.
The specific dividend amounts will be comprehensively evaluated based on the company's actual and projected results of operations, financials and cash position, capital requirements, and as well as other factors.
And in addition to cash dividends, we will continue to explore and actively consider other feasible ways to share the benefits of our growth with our shareholders.
So can management share like what's the growth driver behind this very solid growth?
And also, could you share your latest retail revenue guidance for the retail business?
We are not only paying attention to the innovation of design and materials during our new products R&D, but we also pay special attention to the iterative upgrading of products to ensure that Atour Planet products can timely capture the needs of consumers and whatever the market is changing towards and so that we can continue to provide better sleep experiences to them.
And as you asked about any new products, we previously mentioned that we recently had the official launch of our Deep Sleep Thermo-Regulating Comforter PRO.
And as for retail revenue, our second quarter retail revenue reached RMB537 million, a year-over-year increase of above 150%.
This not only maintained well because that it's above the growth rate of the industry, but it also even led to the overall growth of the relevant categories on those e-commerce platforms.
And based upon this strong performance in the first half of the year, we believe our retail revenue for the full year of 2024, is expected to double year-over-year.
And as for retail OP margin, you can see that with our product gross margin being improved and because of our product structure and our channel structure are being optimized and in the second quarter, the gross margin was maintained at 51% and expenses are being well controlled and we do believe that the retail OP margin will be maintained within a double-digit.
Atour (ATAT) Q2 2024 Earnings Call Transcript was originally published by The Motley Fool
In its fourth-quarter 2025 investor letter, Artisan Mid Cap Value Fund highlighted Vontier Corporation (NYSE:VNT).
%, and its shares gained 5.41% over the past 52 weeks.
Vontier Corporation (NYSE:VNT) has a market capitalization of $5.147 billion.
Artisan Mid Cap Value Fund stated the following regarding Vontier Corporation (NYSE:VNT) in its fourth quarter 2025 investor letter:"Portfolio returns in the technology and communication services sectors were hurt by Vontier Corporation (NYSE:VNT), CDW and Pinterest.
Shares reacted negatively after its late October earnings release despite beating modestly on earnings and revenue.
The company reported a slight sales increase and better than-expected earnings in its Q3, but core sales were essentially flat year over year as strength in mobility technologies was offset by weakness in repair solutions.
Investors may have also been disappointed with its muted outlook for 2026 sales growth.
Though the stock has been flat over the past year, Vontier has been one of our top contributors since we purchased it in 2022 when it was under pressure due to a mix of headwinds, including a payment technology upgrade cycle that had pulled forward sales, supply chain disruptions, higher gas prices in the early months of the Ukraine war and longer term fears regarding electric vehicle market share growth.
While growth has slowed, the business has continued to generate strong free cash flow generation and deliver high returns on capital."
"As Paramount and Warner Bros. merge, it becomes even more essential for their combined resources to be strategically directed toward developing a robust animated film portfolio," said Paul Dergarabedian, head of marketplace trends at Comscore.
A typical Hollywood film will see a 50% to 70% drop in sales from opening weekend to the second weekend after the rush to the theater fades.
For Disney's "Hoppers," for example, the opening week dropoff was less than 37%, and the second week drop was less than 38%.
Argus•Apr 01, 2026Daily – Vickers Top Buyers & Sellers for 04/01/2026Sector(s)Communication Services, Financial Services, Energy, Basic Materials, Technology, Healthcare, Industrials, Consumer DefensiveSummaryThe Vickers Top Buyers & Sellers is a daily report that identifies the five companies the largest insider purchase transactions based on the dollar value of the transactions as well as the five companies the largestUpgrade to begin using premium research reports and get so much more.
The Dow Jones consensus estimate calls for 39,000 new jobs in the private sector.
The Dow Jones consensus calls for a 0.5% increase.
Earnings for breakfast before the bell, live on 'Squawk Box' Egg producer Cal-Maine will report.
The stock has been flat in the past three months.
Shares are off 37% from the July high.
The stock has lost 9% over the past three months, and shares are down 43% from the April 2025 high.
The stock has been flat over the past three months.
Shares are off 37% from the October 2025 high.
In the last 20 years, because that's how far how charts go back, the stock is up 11,229%.
He last bought shares for his charitable trust back in April 2014.
Shares are down 28% from the August 2025 high.
The firm isn't alone: In all, about 90% of analysts covering the stock rate it overweight or buy, while roughly 10% deem it a hold, according to FactSet.
Nike beat Wall Street earnings and revenue estimates in this afternoon's quarterly report.
CFO Matt Friend sees earnings falling between 2% and 4% in the current quarter.
The stock is getting hit in the after hours, down almost 9%.
Shares are now off 35% from the August 2025 high mark.
Shares are down 15% from the February high.
The stock is down 42% from the December high.
The stock is off 22% from the February high.
STLA 3M mountain Stellantis in the past three months Back to the Moon Artemis 2 is set to launch from Cape Canaveral, Fla. after 6 p.m. on Wednesday.
Ahead of the launch, here are some stocks that have taken off in the last month.
Shares are down 17% from the July 2025 high.
Shares are off 25% from last week's high.
The stock is off17% from the high hit two weeks ago.
Investors are sprinting away from Nike's (NKE) stock.
Shares of the athleticwear giant plunged more than 10% in premarket trading on Wednesday despite better-than-expected fiscal third quarter earnings late Tuesday.
There were a host of red flags in the quarter and on the earnings call, and the Street appears to be clinging to them the morning after.
"Greater China, too, will benefit from a more local approach and closer connection with the consumer on the ground," Nike CEO Elliott Hill said on the earnings call.
For Nike's fiscal fourth quarter (the current quarter), management reported it expects sales down 2% to 4% and gross profit margins down 25 to 75 basis points.
Citi analyst Paul Lejuez calculated Nike's guidance equates to fourth quarter earnings per share guidance of $0.05 to $0.15, below consensus forecasts for $0.20.
Some analysts had earnings per share estimates well above $0.20 for the current quarter, Yahoo Finance data shows.
What's more, Nike said over the next nine months it expects a low-single digit percentage sales decline and earnings to be "flattish."
"Patience is required here ... work in progress," Jefferies analyst Randy Konik wrote in a note.
What this essentially means is that these more sport-inspired products have to be a hit with consumers, as they reflect Nike's efforts to ramp up innovation and have its teams work faster and collaborate more.
The state of the Nike shopperFall order books appear to be "growing," Nike signaled on the earnings call.
It's important that this forward-looking demand indicator stays "growing" in the face of rising gas prices and a more uncertain consumer in the wake of the US war on Iran.
"Management indicated that they have not seen consumer impact in North America from conflict in the Middle East, but indicated higher potential costs are being monitored closely because of the significant potential impact to gross margin," Citi's Lejuez said.
JetBlue Airways is raising bag fees at least $4 as jet fuel prices soar amid the Iran war.
The loan facility aims to consolidate existing financing, optimise Dangote refinery’s capital structure, and align with its operational status and projected expansion.
Dangote Petroleum Refinery and Petrochemicals, which operates Africa’s largest refinery and petrochemical complex with a processing capacity of 650,000 barrels per day, will use the funds to strengthen its financial position.
Dangote Industries president and CEO Aliko Dangote said: “This financing marks an important step in strengthening the financial foundation of Dangote Petroleum Refinery & Petrochemicals and positions the business for the next phase of its growth.
“We appreciate Afreximbank’s continued support and confidence in our vision to build world-class industrial capacity that serves Nigeria, Africa and global markets.”
The initiative was intended to strengthen the continent’s refining capacity and decrease its reliance on imported refined products.
The company said the deal, at an offer price of $2.06 per share, was unanimously approved by Olaplex's board of directors and marks an "important milestone" in Henkel's business strategy.
"The planned acquisition of OLAPLEX is fully in line with Henkel's strategy to expand its portfolio through compelling, value-adding M&A activities," Henkel CEO Carsten Knobel said in a statement.
The brand creates compelling opportunities for future growth and innovation.
Olaplex said the deal represented a premium of more than 50% over its closing stock price on Wednesday and would allow the company to explore new opportunities for innovation and growth, as well as expand its international reach.
"This step is a testament to the momentum we've achieved in our transformation and the significant opportunities ahead for OLAPLEX to continue shaping the future of hair health and pursue long-term growth," Olaplex CEO Amanda Baldwin said in a statement.
Shares of the company, which closed on Wednesday around $1.30 per share, shot up 50% following the announcement.
Olaplex had been struggling as a public company over the past few years, dealing with the fallout of a lawsuit alleging hair loss and increased competition in the prestige hair care space.
Prior to the deal, Olaplex's stock had lost nearly 95% of its value since its initial public offering in 2021, when it opened at $25 per share during a boom for IPOs.
In its fourth-quarter 2025 investor letter, Artisan Mid Cap Value Fund highlighted First Citizens BancShares, Inc. (NASDAQ:FCNCA) as one of its leading contributors.
First Citizens BancShares, Inc. (NASDAQ:FCNCA) is major bank based in North Carolina, which performed strongly following its 2023 acquisition of the failed Silicon Valley Bank.
One-month return of First Citizens BancShares, Inc. (NASDAQ:FCNCA) was -4.47%, and its shares gained 1.35% over the past 52 weeks.
First Citizens BancShares, Inc. (NASDAQ:FCNCA) has a market capitalization of $22.301 billion.
Artisan Mid Cap Value Fund stated the following regarding First Citizens BancShares, Inc. (NASDAQ:FCNCA) in its fourth quarter 2025 investor letter:"Our top performers in the energy and financials sectors were NOV, a provider of oilfield equipment, technology and expertise, and First Citizens BancShares, Inc. (NASDAQ:FCNCA), a North Carolina-based bank.
First Citizens had been a big winner following its 2023 acquisition of the failed Silicon Valley Bank (SVB); however, shares had trailed peers for muchof2025duetoassetsensitivity concerns, credit quality issues and a falling return on tangible common equity (ROTCE).
Asset sensitivity refers to assets (loans and other earning securities) repricing faster than liabilities (borrowings).
With regard to credit quality, First Citizens had exposure to the bankruptcy of First Brands, the US auto parts maker, though we believe First Brands is unlikely to represent a broader issue.
The stock has been moving higher since October, when it reported better-than-expected earnings driven by an acceleration in SVB-related activity.
With shares trading at a significant discount to peers, a robust stock buyback program and the potential for improved ROTCE and loan growth, we remain investors."
On March 24, 2026, Jefferies said The Home Depot, Inc. (NYSE:HD) acquisition of Mingledorff’s expands its and SRS Distribution’s total addressable market by $100B and strengthens its position in HVAC distribution.
Jefferies said continued consolidation in building products distribution supports long-term earnings power and reiterated a Buy rating.
Earlier that day, The Home Depot, Inc. (NYSE:HD) subsidiary SRS Distribution entered into an agreement to acquire Mingledorff’s, an HVAC distributor operating 42 locations across five southeastern U.S. states.
The company said Mingledorff’s leadership will remain in place, with the deal expected to close in Q2, subject to approvals and funded through cash and debt, without impacting its target leverage ratio timeline.
Photo by Collov Home Design on UnsplashEarlier in March, The Home Depot, Inc. (NYSE:HD) announced plans to launch a real-time delivery tracker for large materials by the end of Q1, providing minute-by-minute updates through its app and website using GPS-enabled tracking.
In the letter, signed by NFL Chief Compliance Officer Sabrina Perel, she says it is encouraging that the CTFC recognizes that sports-related prediction markets should be regulated differently than other futures contracts.
Kalshi CEO Tarek Mansour told CNBC after the February championship game that the prediction platform saw more than $100 million in trading volume alone on a question of what halftime performer Bad Bunny's first song would be.
The league also took issue with "inherently objectionable" wagers such as play injuries, fan safety and play misconduct.
The market bull plans to deploy more cash to stocks if the S & P 500 drops to 6,150 — which would reflect another 3% loss from current levels.
The drop would put the S & P 500 firmly in correction territory.
Right now, the index is about 0.6% from correction territory.
'Tariff tantrum' parallels Emanuel compares the current backdrop to last year's "tariff tantrum."
He predicts a policy breakthrough on Iran would spark a powerful rebound similar to Trump's "tariff pivot."
In a note that week, he told investors to resist tariff angst and accumulate stocks.
"They have very visible earnings streams," he said.
"Of course, there will be those concerns around AI and capex.
But these are the names that if the economy slows down, you're still going to get the earnings at a price that's very attractive."
"When we look at the Nasdaq 100 in general, the P/E [price-to-earnings] of that index is trading at a relative low versus the S & P 500 going back to the pandemic," he said.
Examples include transitions from bull markets to bear markets, from disinflationary to inflationary environments, from falling rates/accommodative monetary policy to rising rates and a more restrictive one, or from chronic oil oversupply to sustained oil undersupply.
What began as an apparently opportunistic geopolitical operation now risks precipitating precisely the market dislocations that prudent investors and policymakers had sought to avoid: a formal equity bear market, resurgent inflation, elevated interest rates and a prolonged disruption in oil supply that reverses years of structural oversupply.
The Iranian attack on Qatar's Ras Laffan Industrial City, about 50 miles northeast of Doha, which is the world's largest LNG production facility, may have "knocked out 17% of Qatar's LNG export capacity" for three to five years.
Markets, already pricing in heightened geopolitical risk premia, responded with textbook volatility.
The Nasdaq-100 formally entered technical correction territory, down over 11% since Jan. 28.
Credit spreads widened, the VIX climbed above 31, and some safe-haven assets, such as gold , stabilized after steep declines and registered inflows.
Throughout 2024 and 2025, U.S. equities followed a "soft-landing" regime characterized by resilient corporate earnings, slowing inflation, and expectations of Federal Reserve easing.
A prolonged oil price rise above $100 directly reduces consumer spending and corporate profit margins, especially in energy-intensive industries like transportation, manufacturing, and chemicals.
History provides useful lessons: the 1973 and 1979 oil shocks each led to bear markets lasting 20–24 months with stock declines over 40%.
At the same time, inflation dynamics are undergoing their own regime change whipsaw.
The stable inflation regime post-Volcker gave way to the supply shocks of Covid and the aggressive and excessive $2.2 trillion fiscal spending package of H.R. 5376, also known as the "Build Back Better Act".
In fact, inflation might have been even higher if the Biden administration hadn't sold nearly 40% of the nation's Strategic Petroleum Reserve to suppress gas prices ahead of the 2022 midterms.
We'll examine the supply-and-demand dynamics and why that politically motivated decision in 2022 has important economic and security implications for us now.
Core PCE inflation had only recently (finally) stabilized near the Fed's 2% objective, but once again it faces upside risks from higher transportation and production costs.
Energy price pass-through to the headline CPI is well documented; each sustained $10 increase in oil prices typically adds 0.3–0.5 percentage points to annual inflation.
With oil already up more than $30 from 2025 averages, consensus forecasts have revised 2026 headline inflation upward to 3.8%–4.2%.
This is no longer a transitory supply shock; it is a structural regime change that challenges the disinflationary narrative underpinning post-pandemic monetary policy.
Of the more than 291 million barrels the Biden administration sold from the SPR to suppress prices, they bought back only 50 million barrels by the end of his term, leaving the SPR 52% below its all-time high and approximately where it was in mid-1984!
Throughout 2025, the central bank had signaled a gradual easing cycle predicated on declining inflation and stable growth.
Higher energy-driven inflation forces the FOMC to weigh the classic policy dilemma: accommodate to support growth or tighten to anchor expectations.
Market-implied probabilities, as reflected in Fed funds futures, have already shifted dramatically.
Should inflation expectations de-anchor — as measured by the University of Michigan survey or five-year, five-year forward breakeven rates — the Fed may be compelled to maintain or even raise the federal funds rate into restrictive territory.
U.S. shale flexibility, Saudi spare capacity, and episodic OPEC+ cuts kept prices range-bound between $60 and $80.
Iran's pre-strike production of roughly 3.2 million barrels per day is now largely offline, and the Strait of Hormuz disruption has removed an additional 17 million–19 million barrels per day from effective supply.
Analysts at major investment banks now forecast a structural undersupply regime persisting through 2027, with prices potentially testing $120–$130 in a worst-case scenario involving further escalation or Saudi retaliation.
Higher rates pressure equity valuations and tighten financial conditions.
Portfolio managers who had positioned for a "Goldilocks" environment — moderate growth, low inflation, falling rates—must now reoptimize under a stagflationary regime characterized by higher volatility, compressed multiples, and selective sector rotation toward energy, defense and commodities.
The chart below reveals that the pace of post-pandemic job growth peaked in early/mid-2021, and has been declining consistently since.
Since short-term returns have historically improved after a pullback, your first instinct might be to buy risk assets at a lower price.
However, pullbacks generally increase the likelihood of positive forward returns, unless they signal the start of a recession or a systemic bear market.
Trading a greater pullback Regarding the current Iran-war drawdown, I believe the chance that this marks the early phase of a genuine bear market is higher than the long-term average.
The reason is that this sell-off is tied to an oil shock, rising inflation concerns, and lower expectations for Fed easing.
As of March 27, the Dow had entered correction territory, the Nasdaq was already there, oil prices had surged, and markets were even pricing a significant chance of a Fed hike later this year.
The S & P will likely officially confirm the correction we've already observed in the Dow and Nasdaq.
The current situation carries a 45%–55% chance of becoming a bear market, which is higher than market declines alone suggest.
Essentially, this treats historical probabilities as the baseline and raises them based on the current oil, inflation and interest rate environment.
However, in this case, the short-term boost from mean reversion is countered by the real risk that the shock shifts from geopolitics to inflation, then to policy, and ultimately to growth.
If the S & P 500 were to formally enter a bear market, that would suggest SPY could drop to ~$558, or another 12% lower from here.
Because Iran is reopening the Strait, or even an optimistic post by President Trump, could cause a sharp rally, the best approach is probably to use a narrow SPY put spread as a worst-case tail hedge.
If the S & P were to drop into formal bear market territory, that trade would pay 9:1.
So, allocating 75 basis points of one's portfolio to such a trade would cut the pain of a decline of more than 12% from here in half.
In its fourth-quarter 2025 investor letter, Parnassus Mid Cap Fund highlighted stocks like Brown & Brown, Inc. (NYSE:BRO).
One-month return of Brown & Brown, Inc. (NYSE:BRO) was -9.24%, and its shares lost 47.51% over the past 52 weeks.
Brown & Brown, Inc. (NYSE:BRO) has a market capitalization of $22.199 billion.
Parnassus Mid Cap Fund stated the following regarding Brown & Brown, Inc. (NYSE:BRO) in its fourth quarter 2025 investor letter:"Brown & Brown, Inc. (NYSE:BRO), an insurance brokerage, declined as organic growth slows due to the property and casualty insurance pricing cycle turning down.
According to our database, 42 hedge fund portfolios held Brown & Brown, Inc. (NYSE:BRO) at the end of the fourth quarter, compared to 44 in the previous quarter.
In its fourth-quarter 2025 investor letter, Artisan Mid Cap Value Fund highlighted Expedia Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXPE) as its top overall contributor.
On March 31, 2026, Expedia Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXPE) stock closed at $230.89 per share.
One-month return of Expedia Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXPE) was 4.13%, and its shares gained 37.56% over the past 52 weeks.
Expedia Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXPE) has a market capitalization of $28.292 billion.
Artisan Mid Cap Value Fund stated the following regarding Expedia Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXPE) in its fourth quarter 2025 investor letter:"Online travel agency Expedia Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXPE), our top overall contributor in Q4, drove performance in the consumer discretionary sector.
Growth has been supported by supply expansion and product enhancements, with AI powering features such as property Q&A, guest review summaries and service agents.
Since the COVID-driven downturn of 2020, the company has delivered strong free cash flow, while remaining disciplined in its capital allocation.
In addition to a small dividend that was reinstated in 2025 after suspension during the pandemic, the company has repurchased shares at a remarkable rate, having an average annualized net buyback yield of 7.7% over the past three years."
The 95-year-old investor, in an interview with Becky Quick on "Squawk Box," said he still comes into the office daily and stays engaged with markets, working alongside colleagues on trades.
Buffett described a routine that includes calling Mark Millard, Berkshire's director of financial assets, before the opening bell to discuss market developments.
Buffett also downplayed recent market volatility, suggesting current conditions fall far short of past periods that created major buying opportunities.
Nike issued lackluster sales guidance , prompting some of the biggest Wall Street shops to downgrade the stock.
The sportwear company posted on Tuesday better-than-expected results for the fiscal third-quarter, but shares fell nearly 11% on the a dimmer-than-expected sales outlook.
Nike said it expects sales to drop between 2% and 4% in fiscal fourth quarter as its new corporate strategy fails to immediately improve appetite for the brand's products across various markets.
The estimate came in well below Wall Street's consensus expectation of a 1.9% increase, LSEG data shows.
The apparel giant also expects sales to drop by a low single-digit percentage over the rest of the calendar year, led by growth in North America and offset by declines in China — a forecast that underwhelmed the Street.
NKE YTD mountain NKE year to date "We thought improved performance product innovation and lapping Win Now actions would result in a return to growth in 1Q27; instead, management has initiated guidance for sales to remain negative into 3Q27," Bank of America analyst Lorraine Hutchinson said Wednesday in a note to clients.
"Strong results in running and NA were the reasons for our patience but with the sales inflection now nine months away, we see little room for multiple expansion, leading to our downgrade to Neutral."
It has also lowered its price target on shares to $55 from $73, implying about 4% upside from Tuesday's close.
The bank also slashed its earnings per share estimates on the stock.
In late 2024, CEO Elliott Hill debuted the "Win Now" roadmap to turnaround Nike's slumping sales and stagnating brand momentum.
The plan called for Nike to strike new deals with wholesalers, make strides in sport performance innovation and push into critical categories such as running and basketball.
Goldman Sachs also lowered its rating on the stock to neutral from buy and slashed its price target to $52 from $76.
"Sportswear momentum remains muted, franchise management and inventory reset actions remain ongoing, and EMEA and China remain under particular pressure.
With macro headwinds intensifying, we believe more patience will be needed as NKE executes its strategic plan," wrote analyst Brooke Roach.
JPMorgan echoed the negative sentiment surrounding Nike's turnaround.
"While NKE has begun to realize initial greenshoots from its Sport Offense strategy within North America and the running category, the balance of the portfolio including International regions (EMEA, Greater China, and APLA) continue face actions to reset the marketplace and sell-through results remain challenged globally, resulting in an elongated timeline for the model to reach an inflection to revenue growth and a return to double-digit operating margins," analyst Matthew Boss said Wednesday in a note to clients.
JPMorgan downgraded the stock to neutral from overweight.
Nike shares have fallen 17% since the beginning of this year, underperforming the overall market.
Shares of Nike fell in extended trading Tuesday after the retailer warned sales will fall for the rest of the calendar year, led by an expected 20% decline in its key China market during the current quarter.
Chief Financial Officer Matt Friend said during the company's earnings call that Nike expects sales for its current fiscal fourth quarter to drop between 2% and 4%, compared with Wall Street estimates of a 1.9% increase, according to LSEG.
For the duration of the calendar year, Friend said, the company expects sales to fall by a low single-digit percentage, led by growth in North America and offset by declines in China.
Nike beat expectations across the business on both the top and bottom lines for its fiscal third quarter, but its guidance left investors with more questions about how long its turnaround will take.
Friend also cautioned that Nike's guidance was based off of where the global economic picture stands today — and it could change given recent geopolitical volatility.
"We also recognize that the environment around us has become increasingly dynamic, and we could experience unplanned volatility due to the disruption in the Middle East, rising oil prices and other factors that could impact either input costs or consumer behavior," said Friend.
"Shares fell more than 8% in extended trading.
Here's how the world's largest sneaker company did for its fiscal third quarter, compared with estimates from analysts polled by LSEG:- Earnings per share: 35 cents vs. 28 cents expected- Revenue: $11.28 billion vs. $11.24 billion expectedThe company's reported net income for the three-month period that ended Feb. 28 was $520 million, or 35 cents per share.
That's a 35% decline from $794 million, or 54 cents per share, a year earlier.
That plunge came as Nike's gross profit margin slid 1.3 percentage points to 40.2%, "primarily due to higher tariffs in North America," the company said.
Nike's largest market of North America continued to show steady growth, as revenue climbed 3% to $5.03 billion, but that was just shy of Wall Street's expectations of $5.04 billion, according to StreetAccount.
Meanwhile, Nike's Greater China market continued to shrink, with revenue down 7% to $1.62 billion during the quarter.
Still, that total beat analyst estimates of $1.50 billion, according to StreetAccount.
Nike is continuing to work through a colossal turnaround under CEO Elliott Hill.
He reiterated that expectation on Tuesday, saying in a news release that "the pace of progress is different across the portfolio.""The areas we prioritized first continue to drive momentum," Hill said.
Friend said Nike's turnaround efforts "will continue to impact results over the balance of the calendar year.
"The group's Frankfurt-listed shares plummeted 8.7% at the open in Europe on Wednesday.
Nike's recovery was already coming at a tough time as a global trade war dented its efforts to improve profitability and drive sales from inflation-weary shoppers.
We've got a strong order book for summer," Friend said.
Strategy (NASDAQ: $MSTR), the world’s largest corporate owner of Bitcoin (CRYPTO: $BTC), has elected to hold the dividend rate on its perpetual preferred stock Stretch (NASDAQ: $STRC) at 11.5%.
This is the first time that Strategy, led by Executive Chairman Michael Saylor, has not raised the dividend on the Stretch stock since the product was launched last summer.
STRC debuted in July 2025 with a 9% dividend yield and has since undergone seven dividend hikes.
Strategy markets the Stretch stock as a short duration, high yield savings alternative.
More From Cryptoprowl:-Eightco Secures $125 Million Investment From Bitmine And ARK Invest, Shares Surge-Stanley Druckenmiller Says Stablecoins Could Reshape Global FinanceThe perpetual preferred stock pays monthly cash distributions, with the dividend rate adjusted each month to support trading near par of $100 U.S. and limit price volatility.
Strategy uses capital raised from STRC stock to fund its Bitcoin purchases.
The high dividend yield makes Stretch stock attractive to investors seeking regular cash payouts.
STRC’s next ex-dividend date is on April 14.
Stretch stock is currently trading right at par: $100.02 U.S. per share.
MSTR stock has declined 59% over the last 12 months to trade at $124.82 U.S.
It also hiked its price target on shares to $300 from $240, implying roughly 32% upside from Friday's close.
"We view AI as a potential tailwind to EXPE over time, allowing for improved recommendation engines, reduced customer acquisition costs, enhanced product velocity, and lower customer service costs," Jefferies analyst John Colantuoni said Monday in a note to clients.
He added, "we expect AI agents to provide consumers a smaller, more personalized list of search results that reduces the opportunity for unpaid listings, allowing advertisers with the greatest capacity for performance marketing to capture a disproportionate share of traffic acquisition.
The analyst also noted that Expedia has benefited more broadly from a series of key product investments over the past two years, in addition to a refresh of management priorities.
Those efforts have "laid the foundation for EXPE to deliver more sustainable growth," Colantuoni said in his note.
Jefferies' call goes against consensus on Wall Street.
Of the 38 analysts covering Expedia, just 15 have a buy or strong buy on the stock.
Shares have plunged 20% since the beginning of the year, underperforming the overall market.
Perimeter Solutions could be due for a bounce as the company capitalizes on increasing demand for fire retardant gear and its recent acquisition, according to UBS.
The investment bank upgraded the manufacturer of fire safety equipment to buy from neutral.
It also raised its price target on shares to $30 from $26, implying roughly 41% upside from Monday's close.
PRM YTD mountain PRM year to date But, "as conversations in our coverage have shifted from price/cost opportunities to volume risk, we think PRM stock could be an overlooked safe haven," analyst Joshua Spector said in a note to clients.
"We see the stock sell off as overdone ... as PRM has continued to execute well and deploy cash into accretive acquisitions."
A major driver of the fire safety and specialty products firm's selloff this year was a large variable compensation payment to its executives, according to UBS.
But, that shouldn't continue to drive investors away from the stock.
The analyst added that fire retardant demand is likely to grow in 2026, based on some early signs at the start of the fire season.
The company is also poised to grow its services, in addition to increasing its product output due to its recently completed acquisition of Medical Manufacturing Technologies that was valued at nearly $700 million.
As a result, UBS raised its EBITDA expectations for Perimeter to 5% and 9% for this year and 2027, respectively.
"The business attributes seem favorable with high margins/returns, low capex , ~50% aftermarket," Spector wrote.
Of the two analysts covering the stock, one has a hold on shares, while the other has a buy on them.
Perimeter stock is down nearly 23% since the beginning of the year.
However, shares are still up 11% over the past 12 months.
Nvidia will get a boost as companies in the health care and life sciences industries increase their push into artificial intelligence, according to Goldman Sachs.
The investment firm has a buy rating on Nvidia.
It also has a $250 price target on shares, implying 51% upside from Monday's close.
NVDA is also using agentic capabilities for applications such as evaluating digital health records, manufacturing, and automation, highlighting digital twins and simulation, which can improve the quality of lab automation/experiments and manufacturing while lowering costs," analyst Salveen Richter said Tuesday in a note to clients.
Nvidia shares are down more than 8% this year.
Crypto investment firm CoinShares said it will begin trading on Nasdaq Wednesday through a merger with a special purpose acquisition company, or SPAC.
The deal closed late Tuesday, CNBC has learned.
CoinShares is a 12-year-old European asset manager with a focus on crypto assets, serving both institutional and retail investors.
It offers structured investment products and funds – including the U.S.-listed CoinShares Bitcoin ETF – and manages $6 billion in assets.
"We have a lot of [assets under management] in Europe, we don't have much AUM in the U.S.," CoinShares CEO and co-founder Jean-Marie Mognetti told CNBC in an exclusive interview.
"We could build that organically, but it's going to take too much time, so the only way we're going to be able to grow in the U.S. is by leveraging the equity currency we are developing through a U.S. listing.""We want to be a much bigger company, and we need to grow so our success will be measured at some point by our capacity to grow in this American market," Mognetti said.
Crypto investors have been expecting a healthy IPO market since President Donald Trump's return to office given his administration's friendly stance toward the industry.
Nevertheless, the timing of CoinShares' listing comes at a challenging time for investors, whose sentiment has turned risk averse as the war in Iran drags on for a fifth week, pushing three of the major indexes into correction last week.
Crypto stocks have been suffering from a sharp sector-wide decline over the past six months, prompting crypto exchange Kraken to recently push off its widely anticipated debut.
'We want people to own bitcoin'He also said that CoinShares has been profitable every year since its inception in 2014, through the crypto booms as well as the busts.
A crypto asset management company could possibly be more attractive to investors versus exchanges because revenue is typically driven by recurring fees on assets under management, which can be more stable across market cycles.
By contrast, transaction-driven revenue that platforms like Coinbase, Bullish or Gemini rely on can drop sharply during periods of low trading activity and market uncertainty.
CoinShares operates in three businesses: its ETF business, active strategies and, as of last week, on-chain asset management (where crypto and real world assets are managed directly on a blockchain).
"We want people to own bitcoin, to own digital assets through different types of products we can offer," Mognetti said.
"When CoinShares began its journey in 2014, market demand in Europe was entirely driven by retail investors.
In the U.S., BlackRock, Fidelity and Grayscale dominate crypto fund assets under management.
Bitwise Asset Management, a crypto-specialist firm, and VanEck, which also has a strong crypto commitment, are also prominent crypto ETF issuers.
"Our shareholder base has been extremely stable over the years and we are coming to the market to reinforce this transparency."
Given that tech and financial services make up the biggest equity allocations in the U.S., "there is a more natural audience for what we are doing, and we are very keen to to be able to show this great company to the market and let the market determine how we can keep growing in the U.S.," he said.
Some owners are increasingly treating the popular 1990s and 2000s trading cards like alternative assets, with some of the rarest cards outperforming traditional benchmarks like the S&P 500 in recent years.
During key periods like the pandemic boom and another surge in 2025, trading card indexes tracking Pokémon sales posted gains that far exceeded the S&P 500's long-term average annual return of 10% to 12%, according to trading card valuation tool Card Ladder.
The comparison isn't perfect — stock data spans decades, while trends in trading card values are shorter and more volatile — but the outperformance in certain windows is still striking.
The jump in prices come down to scarcity, grading and a surge of deep-pocketed buyers chasing a limited supply of top-tier assets.
"That supply squeeze helps explain why prices can surge and why a small slice of the market is driving most of the gains.
The boom in card sales accelerated during the pandemic as stimulus money and interest in alternative assets surged.
Still, some highly sought after Pokémon cards continue to outperform the market.
Two major CEOs told CNBC in recent months that the rise of artificial intelligence contributed to their decisions to hand over the reins and step down from their positions.
"And I concluded that, actually, it was time to put someone else on the field for the next wave of growth."
The retailer has been incorporating AI to optimize its supply chain, provide assistants for customers and more.
Chinese jewelry company Laopu Gold still has significant upside, despite recent volatility in prices of the precious metal, analysts said.
Laopu's popularity surged last year, with the stock posting a total return of more than 160%, as gold prices soared.
The jewelry company's stock is only 0.16% lower year to date, after Laopu disclosed on March 23 that first-quarter net profit was at least 3.6 billion yuan (roughly $520.8 million).
"Laopu is our top pick in the China consumer sector," JPMorgan analysts said in a report Wednesday, noting the company's "strategic resilience amid current gold market volatility."
"We see Laopu as best positioned to benefit from experience-led growth with a systematic approach (disciplined store count, a direct to consumer [DTC] model and differentiated service quality upheld by a highly selective/trained team)," the analysts added.
JPMorgan rates the stock overweight, with a price target of 1,296 Hong Kong dollars (about $165.63).
While they rate the stock a buy, they lowered their price target on Laopu to 950 HKD, from 1,023.20 HKD previously, due largely to higher costs from gold price risks.
According to a Rothschild forecast, Laopu's 2025 sales were estimated to have surpassed Richemont's jewelry sales in China last year, including those of Cartier.
Brand recognition vs. gold prices "Brand Power to Drive Re rating Beyond Gold," Morgan Stanley analysts said in a March 24 report about Laopu, which they rate overweight with a price target of 1,010 HKD.
"If demand can stay consistently strong in a declining gold price environment for 1-2 quarters, it could be the case that Laopu proves itself a brand rather than a gold proxy, and the stock could re-rate meaningfully," the analysts said.
However, Bank of America Securities downgraded Laopu to neutral from buy on March 26 given gold price volatility and slower economic growth.
"We believe rising gold prices over the past two years were one of the key drivers of gold/jewelry stocks, as gold demand was helped by the perception of gold as a good store of value," the analysts said.
Their lowered price target on Laopu is 774 HKD, which still reflects 25% upside from Friday's close.
Emerson Electric is poised to rise as its shift toward industrial automation drives order volumes across its businesses, according to Jefferies.
The investment firm upgraded the engineering services stock to buy from hold.
It also hiked its price target on shares to $175 from $160, implying roughly 42% upside from Monday's close.
"Strong orders momentum across core growth verticals should support an acceleration in earnings growth from [low-single digits] in [the first half of the year] to [low-double digits] exiting FY26 and FY27," analyst Stephen Volkmann said in a note to clients.
"In addition, EMR has delivered 800 bps of margin improvement through operation and portfolio actions over the last decade which we believe will support higher valuation multiples."
EMR YTD mountain EMR in 2026 Emerson has repositioned its portfolio to focus on industrial automation, prioritizing five growth verticals: power generation, liquified natural gas, aerospace and defense, semi-hermetic compressors and life sciences, according to Jefferies.
To that end, Emerson struck a deal earlier this year to automate on-site generation for a 1.7 gigawatts artificial intelligence data center in the U.S.
In the first fiscal quarter, the firm's move to automate its industrial businesses helped raise order growth 9% on a year-over-year basis, and those efforts could drive further increases in the coming months, according to Jefferies.
"We see visibility into achieving and perhaps beating EMR's 4% organic sales growth guide for FY26," Volkmann wrote.
The analyst noted that Emerson has a business that is "more steady than investor perceptions around oil & gas cyclicality suggest," adding to the likelihood that its shares rally in the near future.
Jefferies' call is in line with consensus on Wall Street.
Of the 31 analysts covering Emerson, 19 have a buy or strong buy on the stock, LSEG data shows.
A version of this article first appeared in CNBC's Inside Wealth newsletter with Robert Frank, a weekly guide to the high-net-worth investor and consumer.
Major luxury stocks have fallen 15% or more since the Iran war started, and sales in the increasingly important Middle East market could drop by half, according to analysts.
Shares of LVMH and Hermès are down roughly 16% and 20%, respectively, this month, while the S&P 500 has fallen less than 6%.
Shares of Ferrari are also down 15%, and the company announced it would temporarily suspend deliveries to the Middle East.
"At the moment, we don't have an impact from a production side," said Bentley CEO Frank-Steffen Walliser on the company's recent investor call.
While the region accounts for a relatively small share of overall luxury sales, it's growth has become critical to the industry.
The region was the fastest-growing luxury market in the world last year, posting growth of between 6% and 8% compared with flat growth globally, according to Bernstein luxury analyst Luca Solca.
Dubai in the United Arab Emirates has been the biggest driver of growth, accounting for about 80% of the UAE's rise, which itself accounts for more than half the luxury growth in the full region, according to research from Morgan Stanley.
After two years of stagnant sales, the industry was betting on a recovery in 2026.
The U.S. luxury consumer remains strong, thanks to rising wealth from artificial intelligence and stock markets.
A research note from UBS luxury analyst Zuzanna Pusz and her teams said investor sentiment in luxury is "the most bearish in years."
While investors had been betting on a rebound in the beginning of the year, "heightened geopolitical uncertainty is likely to weigh on near-term earnings and delay the long-awaited inflection in fundamentals.
"Share price moves have already wiped out roughly $100 billion in market cap from the major luxury companies, with LVMH and Hermès both losing more than $40 billion in value each.
Solca said that if sales in the Middle East fall by half in March, which he described as a worst-case scenario, quarterly growth would drop by about 1 percentage point for many luxury companies.
Yet he said the decline could be milder.
"Most of the companies we've been talking to are not really pointing to a disastrous decline in the Middle East," Solca said.
Still, Dubai's reputation for safety and security has been shaken.
Analysts say aspirational luxury consumers, who are more sensitive to inflation and economic slowdowns, could pull back on spending with higher gas prices and food costs.
At the same time, wealthy consumers could be spooked by volatile stock markets.
Since the spending of the wealthy is more dependent on stock markets and the so-called wealth effect, declining or even flat stocks could cause a pullback.
"Higher oil prices could prompt a downward adjustment in global stock markets and that would be very bad," Solca said."
The consumer sentiment of people with wealth in the stock market would be damaged."
Shares of corporate travel and expense management provider Navan soared after its latest earnings, but at least two analysts on Wall Street say its growing use of artificial intelligence is a key driver of future upside.
Both Goldman Sachs and Loop Capital reiterated bullish recommendation on Navan after it reported fourth-quarter earnings post-market Wednesday.
The stock soared more than 37% this week.
Navan earned an adjusted 2 cents per share in its latest quarter, while analysts polled by FactSet had estimated a loss of 22 cents per share.
Revenue of $177.9 million also topped analysts' expectations of $162.2 million.
Additionally, Navan forecast current-quarter and full-year revenue above consensus estimates as well.
Investors drove Navan shares 43% higher on Thursday, but the stock is still down more than 50% from its $25 per share initial public offering last October.
NAVN 6M mountain NAVN 6M chart Goldman has a $23 price target on the stock, reflecting upside of 88% from Friday's close.
Loop expects the stock to rally 63.8% to $20.
Both investment banks point to Navan's earnings beat as a catalyst for their optimism.
Management's tone remained upbeat on both the business and the broader travel environment, prompting strong yet prudent FY27 (C2026) guidance that calls for 24% revenue growth at the midpoint and meaningful margin improvement," wrote Loop Capital analyst Mark Schappel.
Loop regards Navan as an "under-the-radar" stock, although Schappel said he trimmed his price target to $22 due to narrower price-to-earnings and other multiples across the sector.
'Long-term beneficiary' "We continue to view Navan as a long-term beneficiary of the digital disruption in the travel management space — a large market where incumbents have been slow to innovate," the Loop analyst wrote Wednesday.
Goldman analyst Gabriela Borges applauded Navan's use of artificial intelligence as a differentiator.
"We continue to view Navan an under-appreciated software asset with evident technological advantages which are driving business acceleration and a clear path to durable growth at solid unit economics."
The Goldman analyst added that Navan Edge, the company's new hyper-personalized travel assistance, will also allow it to better serve a portion of the total addressable market in business travel.
The company said in its annual report that it now faces intense competition from Chinese firms.
"The Chinese vehicle owner can do his banking using voice commands or order takeout to meet him when he arrives at his house, or do any number of things that seem a little unusual to us here in the West, because we just aren't built that way," said AutoForecast Solutions analyst Conrad Layson.
The two companies brought the vehicle to production car in 24 months, the CEA architecture in just 18.
The deal has given Rivian a roughly $6 billion lifeline at a time when the EV maker is ramping up the production of its mid-priced, higher volume R2 SUV.
Though Xpeng has a technological edge, its partnership with VW does not necessarily pose an immediate threat to Rivian — at least in North America, he added.
He added that the long-term risk for a company like Volkswagen — or Stellantis, which has partnered with Chinese automaker Leapmotor — is that they become essentially contract manufacturers, Le said.
"In 2025, Torre said, Visa processed more than 106 million charge disputes globally, marking a 35% increase since 2019.
"We'd love to be able to see that growth rate come down.
BNY spent $3.8 billion on technology in 2025, or about 19% of its revenue.
Visa said three of its six new tools focus on merchants, allowing them to address potential disputes before they escalate, managing disputes with generative AI responses and providing a deeper level of detail on order insights to manage confusion over unfamiliar charges.
Last week's column outlined the top three portfolio changes we made, including deploying inverse ETF hedges, cutting emerging markets and reducing holdings in gold stocks with increasing real interest rates.
The VanEck Semiconductor ETF (SMH) daily chart shows a decline from the February highs, but the shape of the correction is a standard A-B-C shape shown in the orange dashed lines.
That's the signature shape of a correction against the longer-term trend — up in the case.
Notice that A-B-C correction dropped us into the yellow highlighted zone of a pivot of sorts around $360 to $370.
You'll notice a sideways correction that traced a triangle consolidation, which consists of lower-highs and higher-lows to form the sideways squeeze pattern.
But we also need to look at the current valuation of the semiconductors that have on a relative basis become very cheap.
Even though earnings and expected earnings are growing, the market is paying less for those earnings, which is classic valuation compression.
In other words, future earnings are worth less today.
Here is the weekly price chart of Nvidia (NVDA) with the forward price-to-earnings ratio over the next twelve months currently trading at 20.5-times 2027 earnings per share.
I've included the expected 2027 EPS and sales growth (black rectangles).
Analysts are expecting $8.29 in earnings per share for all four quarters in 2027.
If you divide NVDA's share price of $170.24 by $8.29 that gives you a forward multiple of 20.53-times earnings.
For context, the entire S & P 500 index is trading at a forward multiple around 19.7-times next year's earnings.
To make an extreme comparison, Costco (COST) is trading at 46-times next year's expected earnings.
Costco's expected EPS growth in 2027 versus 2026 is 9.66%.
NVDA's 2027 versus 2026 EPS growth is 73.89% with gross margins in the high 70% range.
So the question becomes simple: Would you rather pay 46-times earnings for a company growing under 10%, or roughly 20-times earnings for a company whose growth is closer to 70%?
—Todd Gordon, Founder of Inside Edge Capital, LLC We offer active portfolio management and financial planning for retail investors, as well as regular market updates at www.InsideEdgeCapital.com DISCLOSURES:
US private employers added 62,000 roles in March in a steady gain from the month prior, according to the payroll processor ADP.
Economists surveyed by Bloomberg had expected an increase of 40,000 jobs after February posted the best monthly gain since July, with a revised boost of 66,000 positions.
March’s better-than-expected payroll growth was driven by small businesses as well as education and health services providers, ADP said, while sectors like manufacturing shed positions.
“Overall hiring is steady, but job growth continues to favor certain industries, including health care,” ADP chief economist Nela Richardson said in a statement.
Much of that growth in healthcare stems from low-paying positions, such as home health aides.
Still, overall pay growth for both job-stayers and job-changers remains solid, ADP noted, with pay growth for those switching jobs accelerating by 6.6% in March from a year ago.
The US-Israel war on Iran could make already-cautious businesses more reluctant to add staff, while a pullback in the healthcare sector could dampen what job growth exists in the US economy.
The Chicago Fed anticipates the jobless rate again rose a hair in March to hit 4.5%, though official data from the Labor Department won’t be out until Friday morning.
Though the early 2000s saw relatively higher CD rates, they began to fall as the economy slowed and the Federal Reserve cut its target rate to stimulate growth.
The trend of falling CD rates continued into the 2010s, especially after the Great Recession of 2007-2009.
The Fed's policies to stimulate the economy (in particular, its decision to keep its benchmark interest rate near zero) led banks to offer very low rates on CDs.
However, things changed between 2015 and 2018, when the Fed started gradually increasing rates again.
However, the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in early 2020 led to emergency rate cuts by the Fed, causing CD rates to fall to new record lows.
The situation reversed following the pandemic as inflation began to spiral out of control.
This prompted the Fed to hike rates 11 times between March 2022 and July 2023.
Fast forward to September 2024 — the Fed finally decided to start cutting the federal funds rate after it determined that inflation was essentially under control.
This indicates a flattening or inversion of the yield curve, which can happen in uncertain economic times or when investors expect future interest rates to decline.
However, make sure any online bank you consider is FDIC-insured (or NCUA-insured for credit unions).-Account terms: Beyond the interest rate, understand the terms of the CD, including the maturity date and withdrawal penalties.
Also, check if there's a minimum deposit requirement and if so, that fits your budget.-Inflation: While CDs can offer safe, fixed returns, they might not always keep pace with inflation, especially for longer terms.
The bank initiated coverage on the drug developer with a buy rating and a $12 price target, which indicates a more than 250% gain from Friday's close.
"Several psychedelic companies have emerged as bona fide drug developers, attracting attention from healthcare/biotech investors who usually invest in conventional therapeutics," wrote Deutsche Bank analyst David Hoang in a Thursday note.
The drug is now bringing in around $2 billion in annualized sales, and Hoang noted that consensus estimates suggest peak sales will be around $4 billion.
CrowdStrike Holdings has room to run as Anthropic's rollout of its latest artificial intelligence model seems to fuel interest in AI-powered cybersecurity solutions, according to Wolfe Research.
The research firm upgraded its rating for CrowdStrike to outperform from peer perform.
It also put a $450 price target on shares, implying roughly 21% upside from Friday's close.
"Anthropic's upcoming [AI] model release [with cybersecurity capabilities] has the potential to ignite a machine speed cyberwar the likes of which we have never seen," Wolfe Research analyst Joshua Tilton said Monday in a note to clients.
"We believe this could drive more vendor consolidation and tailwinds for CRWD, leading to [annual recurring revenue] acceleration in [fiscal year 2027]."
Last week, Fortune Magazine reported Anthropic was preparing to release a new artificial intelligence called Mythos that is designed to offer more sophisticated cybersecurity capabilities versus earlier AI models.
Following the report, shares of cybersecurity stocks fell as investors weighed concerns that Mythos could "replace, or erode, the pricing power of existing security vendors," according to Wolfe Research.
Nevertheless, Mythos' rollout could fuel demand for AI-enabled cybersecurity solutions, Tilton said in a note.
That would be a boon for CrowdStrike, which runs an advanced cloud-native cybersecurity platform that includes AI-powered capabilities, according to the research firm.
"We see this as a potential positive for CRWD who has the brand, armory of tanks, F16s, and Black Hawks (Falcon Platform), Flex contracting, and innovation pipeline to help organizations fight this impending battle both today and in the future," Tilton wrote.
Those factors are likely to contribute to the firm's ability to grow its annual recurring revenue, "which we expect to be a catalyst for shares to outperform," the analyst added.
Wolfe Research's call falls in line with consensus on the Street.
Of the 55 analysts that cover CrowdStrike, 40 have a buy or strong buy on the stock.
Shares have plunged 21% over the past month, underperforming the overall market by roughly a factor of three.
However, the stock is still up 3% in the past year.
Argus•Apr 01, 2026Daily – Vickers Top Insider Picks for 04/01/2026Sector(s)Communication Services, Financial Services, Basic Materials, Energy, Technology, Real Estate, Healthcare, Industrials, Consumer Defensive, Consumer CyclicalSummaryThe Vickers Top Insider Picks is a daily report that utilizes a proprietary algorithm to identify 25 companies with compelling insider purchase historieUpgrade to begin using premium research reports and get so much more.
An impending end date for the war could stabilize the interest-rate outlook in the U.S., but the status of the Strait of Hormuz remains a wild card.
Interest rates affect gold holding costs and, in turn, gold demand and pricing.
Here’s how the opening gold price has changed versus last week, month, and year:-One week ago: +3.3%-One month ago: -12.1%-One year ago: +50.1%On Jan. 29, gold’s one-year gain was 95.6%.
Physical gold pros and consThe advantages of physical gold include:-Readily accessible for use: If you keep your physical gold at home, it is easily available to use as a medium of exchange in an economic emergency.-No added volatility or ongoing fees: If you hold the gold yourself, “you eliminate counterparty risk and storage fees or expense ratios,” explained Brett Elliott, director of content and SEO at American Precious Metals Exchange (APMEX).
You also avoid the added business volatility associated with gold mining stocks, as explained below.
Learn more: Take a deeper dive into the gold sectorThe disadvantages of physical gold include:-Risk of theft or loss: Physical gold must be properly secured.
Learn more: How to invest in gold in 4 stepsGold mining stocksGold mining stocks are equity positions in gold miners.
To manage the volatility, many investors prefer diversified gold mining funds over individual mining stocks.
In an economic catastrophe, this could be a disadvantage if brokers or the stock market are temporarily shut down.
Learn more: The top-performing companies in the gold industryThe disadvantages of owning gold mining stocks include:-Greater volatility: “Gold investing through gold mining companies adds another layer of risk,” explained Thomas Winmill, portfolio manager at mutual fund company Midas Funds.
The largest gold ETF in terms of total assets is SPDR Gold Shares (GLD), which is backed by physical gold stored in vaults.
Gold ETFs pros and consThe advantages of Gold ETFs include:-Easy to store: Like gold mining stocks, ETF shares are digital assets with no storage requirements.-Greater liquidity: Shares of the most popular gold ETFs, like SPDR Gold Shares (GLD) and iShares Gold Trust (IAU), are heavily traded.
Steady demand makes them easy to sell.-Tied directly to gold prices: ETFs backed by physical gold track the spot price of gold, which is usually less volatile than gold mining stocks or gold mining ETFs.
For context, the expense ratio of SPDR Gold Shares is 0.40%.
This translates to $4 in fees annually for every $1,000 invested.-No utility as a medium of exchange: As with gold mining stocks, you probably cannot use ETF shares to trade for food in an economic emergency.
We all want to find that one stock investment that will change our lives.
Still, investors can tilt the odds in their favor by identifying growth stocks in the early innings of their ascents.
Continue »Speaking of wagering, Boyd Gaming (NYSE: BYD) isn't the next Nvidia or Tesla, and given the capital constraints many retail investors face today, this probably isn't a life-changing stock.
It's a steady client base that helped Boyd thrive while shares of Strip-focused competitors sagged.
In fact, it leases just a handful of its gaming venues, and that's primarily the result of an acquisition executed nearly a decade ago.
Rates for home equity lines of credit and home equity loans are near and below 7.5%.
HELOC and home equity loan rates: Wednesday, April 1, 2026Today's national average monthly HELOC adjustable rate is 7.20%.
The average fixed rate on a home equity loan is 7.47%, according to data analytics company Curinos.
How HELOC and home equity loan interest rates workHome equity interest rates are priced to a different benchmark than primary mortgage rates.
A home equity loan may have a different margin because it is a fixed-interest product.
Every lender has its own methodology for pricing second mortgage products, such as HELOCs or home equity loans, so it pays to shop around.
Your rate will depend on your credit score, the debt you carry, and the amount of your credit line relative to your home's value.
After that, your interest rate will become variable, likely beginning at a substantially higher rate.
Again, because a home equity loan has a fixed rate, it's unlikely to have an introductory "teaser" rate.MORE: Read our guide to the best home equity loan lenders.
A HELOC allows you to easily use your home equity in any way and in any amount you choose, up to your credit line limit.
The best home equity loan lenders may be easier to find, because the fixed rate you earn will last the length of the repayment period.
And as always, compare fees and the fine print of repayment terms.Home equity rates today: FAQsWhat is a good interest rate on a HELOC or a HEL right now?Rates vary significantly from one lender to another, making it difficult to pinpoint a single, definitive number.
The current national average for a HELOC is 7.20% — and 7.47% for a home equity loan.
Is it a good idea to get a HELOC or a home equity loan right now?
It's likely a good idea to consider a HELOC or a home equity loan now.
You don't give up that low primary mortgage rate that you're paying on your house, and you can use the cash drawn from your equity for things like home improvements, repairs, and upgrades.
What is the monthly payment on a $50,000 home equity line of credit?
If you withdraw the full $50,000 from a home equity line of credit and pay a 7.25% interest rate, your monthly payment during the 10-year draw period would be about $302.
That sounds good, but remember, with a HELOC, the rate is usually variable, so it changes periodically, and your payments will increase during the 20-year repayment period.
TikTok, owned by China’s ByteDance, has submitted applications to Brazil’s central bank for authorisation to operate in the country’s financial services sector, reported Reuters.
It remains uncertain whether the company intends to launch a wider range of financial services or focus on supporting e-commerce activities available on its platform.
Brazil’s central bank also refrained from commenting on the applications.
Public records indicate that ByteDance representatives, including global payments head Liao Baohua, recently met with central bank official Gabriel Galipolo in Brasilia.
In its fourth-quarter 2025 investor letter, GMO highlighted Palantir Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:PLTR).
One-month return of Palantir Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:PLTR) was -4.51%, and its shares gained 67.27% over the past 52 weeks.
Palantir Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:PLTR) has a market capitalization of $349.854 billion.
GMO stated the following regarding Palantir Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:PLTR) in its fourth quarter 2025 investor letter:"The other eight U.S. Information Technology stocks that we held short delivered an average performance of more than 63%.
Palantir Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:PLTR), which was the single biggest detractor from absolute returns at the total portfolio level, was up a spectacular 135% for the year and is, somewhat bewilderingly, trading at a price/sales ratio well in excess of 100.
Indeed, one of the reasons we remain excited about the Equity Dislocation Strategy is that there are plenty of stocks that continue to surf a wave of speculative excess.
According to our database, 89 hedge fund portfolios held Palantir Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:PLTR) at the end of the fourth quarter, up from 81 in the previous quarter.
After three major indexes slipped into correction territory last week, investors are watching if the S & P 500 will join its peers this week, according to New York Stock Exchange insider Jay Woods.
On the S & P 500, Woods is watching two levels if it falls into correction territory.
Nike earnings: Set to be delivered Tuesday after the bell , Woods said he will watch if the stock can hold its downside $50 support.
He added that the stock has typically popped after earnings under CEO Elliott Hill, just for those gains to fade.
RH earnings: Also coming Tuesday after the close , Woods recommended that investors see whether the stock can again top $140, which he believes would signal a relief rally for a name that's off more than 23% in 2026.
Argus•Apr 01, 2026PG&E Corporation: Dividend yield below peersSummaryPG&E Corp. is the holding company for Pacific Gas & Electric Co., an investor-owned utility.
As of the end of 2023, the utility had 26 GWh of generating capacity with an owned generation fuel mix including 25% from natural gas, 15% hydropower, 2% renewable, and 58% nuclear.
The company had planned to shut down the Diablo Canyon nuclear plant by 2025 asUpgrade to begin using premium research reports and get so much more.
Carnival is trading at a discount due to volatility in fuel prices linked to the Iran war and investors should scoop up the stock, according to HSBC.
It trimmed its price target on shares to $30.10 from $33.60, though that still suggests about 24% upside from Friday's close.
"While volatility [is] likely to remain near term, we see shares attractively valued," HSBC analyst Meredith Prichard Jensen said Friday in a note to clients.
"We acknowledge greater near-term earnings uncertainty versus peers, like RCL , which benefit from derivative protection," Jensen wrote.
However, the analyst pointed out that the stock trades at around 10 times forward earnings, well below a two-year average of 12.4.
"The market is underestimating the resilience of experience-led demand (CCL has c85% of 2026e booked at healthy pricing), the strong value proposition (c25% discount to land-based vacations), and its fleet of mobile assets able to shift deployment according to demand," HSBC wrote.
Shares have plunged 23% over the past month, massively underperforming the overall market.
However, the stock is still up nearly 22% in the past year.
"Project Hail Mary" has held notably strong at the box office since its debut, with only a 32% drop in ticket sales from its first weekend in the U.S. to its second and a nearly unheard of 5% decline internationally.
A typical Hollywood blockbuster will see a 50% to 70% drop in ticket sales from opening weekend to the second weekend after the rush to the theater fades.
This surge of theatrical content is just what the domestic box office needs.
Even before Covid and dual Hollywood labor strikes slowed production down, Hollywood was making fewer and fewer movies each year, according to data from Comscore.
The most recent union between the Walt Disney Co. and 21st Century Fox, first announced in 2017 and finalized in early 2019, resulted in the loss of between 10 and 15 film releases annually, Comscore data shows.
The pending merger of Paramount and Warner Bros. Discovery has Hollywood fearful of even fewer theatrical releases.
While Paramount has said it is committed to releasing 15 films from each studio, it's unclear if the combined company will be able to keep up with that kind of production.
Private investment firms of the ultra-wealthy are snapping up domestic real estate as the market's recovery continues to stall, family office investors told Inside Wealth.
"It's a difficult time to live through, just as a citizen, but it's an interesting time as an investor, because that's the time that makes it the best pricing," he said.
A J.P. Morgan Private Bank poll, released in February, found 35% of U.S. family offices planned to increase their exposure to real estate, while only 24% of their international peers said the same.
However, family offices that cited inflation as the top risk to their portfolios reported an average 16.3% allocation to real estate, twice that of the general respondent pool.
"Any time inflation becomes an issue, people start investing in things that they can see and touch," said Cozen O'Connor real estate lawyer Jennifer Nellany.
Jason Ozur, CEO of wealth manager Lido Advisors, said that even with low acquisition prices, investors have to heed many factors, like leverage costs and rising insurance costs, to beat inflation.
Ozur said cash flow and portfolio diversification are stronger draws for clients to invest in real estate.
He also described real estate as a tax-efficient asset, citing strategies such as depreciation deductions and 1031 exchanges, which allow real estate investors to defer capital gains by reinvesting gains in a like-kind property.
Real estate investor Chaz Lazarian is doubling down on office real estate, often considered the least attractive area of commercial real estate, through his firm, Elle Family Office.
Lazarian said he snaps up distressed assets at severe discounts.
He said he acquired the former Home Depot headquarters building in Atlanta and its debt for about $21 million, paying about 18 cents on the dollar when he bought it in October compared with what its private equity owner paid in 2019.
But if you plan to move before the intro-rate period is over, you could reap the benefits of a low rate without risking a rate increase down the road.
The stock and bond markets have seen increasing volatility due the U.S.-Israel war against Iran and mortgage rates have been generally higher since the first of March.
Try to improve your credit score and lower your debt-to-income ratio (DTI).
On March 25, 2026, Enerpac Tool Group Corp. (EPAC) reported Q2 adjusted EPS of 39c, in line with the 39c consensus estimate, with revenue of $154.81 million compared to the $147.8 million consensus.
Chief Executive Officer Paul Sternlieb said the company saw “encouraged” performance in its product business, highlighting 6% organic growth in the Industrial Tool & Service segment and mid-single-digit order growth, while noting restructuring actions in the EMEA service business to address softer demand and a new multi-year contract supporting higher-margin operations.
Enerpac Tool Group Corp. (EPAC) has narrowed its FY26 adjusted EPS outlook to $1.86-$1.92 from $1.85-$2.00 compared to the $1.92 consensus and tightened its revenue outlook to $635 million-$650 million from $635 million-$655 million versus $637.17 million consensus.
Enerpac also expects FY26 adjusted EBITDA of $158 million-$163 million and reaffirmed adjusted free cash flow of $100 million-$110 million.
CFO Darren Kozik said guidance was narrowed due to pressure in the EMEA service business, which could be further impacted by Middle East conflicts.
From strategies aimed at reducing taxable income to tax-efficient portfolio moves, there are a host of ways investors can build and protect their capital.
While 80% expect taxes to rise in the future, only 31% of that cohort are taking steps to adjust their financial plans accordingly, the poll found.
What's more, 17% of investors said not knowing the best tax strategies for their portfolio is one of their biggest retirement-planning concerns.
"I don't know how many people understand the difference between the capital gain rate and the ordinary tax rate, but it can make a substantial difference," she said.
More tax-efficient types of investments, such as stock exchange-traded funds and municipal bonds, should go into a taxable account, said Curtis, also a member of the CNBC Financial Advisor Council.
A Roth IRA, which is funded with money already taxed, is a great place to put your assets with highest growth, she noted.
Take advantage of sell-offsTax-loss harvesting is another way to lower your tax bill by selling losing investments to offset any capital gains.
While it is a popular year-end strategy, investors should be considering it all year long — especially during times of volatility, like now, Curtis said.
"Right now, I'm looking for any short-term loss opportunities that I can take to offset gain somewhere else," she said.
"I don't think you should overdo it, but it's a good strategy, especially for people who have owned things with huge cap gain that's an oversized position in their portfolio.
I'll look to see if I could sell something at a loss and take some gain from that investment."
Sometimes you take the hit now and you're not going to have to worry about paying anything in the future."Donate your investmentsDonor-advised funds allow investors to make tax-deductible charitable contributions, funded by cash or the appreciation of assets.
Curtis prefers using highly appreciated assets or mutual funds, since they give off capital gain income at the end of the year, within donor-advised funds.
For instance, she always suggests them to clients who own company stock that has significantly grown in value.
"The fact that you could give highly appreciated shares and forever avoid that capital gain is a huge tax benefit," she said.
An Exclusive Invitation: CNBC Pro Live — Wealth for Women: You're invited to join us for an exclusive, live, in-person event on May 28 at the NASDAQ MarketSite designed specifically for serious investors who demand more than surface-level market commentary.
CNBC Contributors will present a series of "strategy salons" designed to offer personalized, empathetic and actionable financial growth strategies.
DATETuesday, March 11, 2025 at 8 a.m. ETCALL PARTICIPANTS-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer — Jonathan Peng Zhao-Chief Financial Officer — Phil Yu Zhang-Senior Vice President — Wenbei WangNeed a quote from a Motley Fool analyst?
Thank you for joining our company's fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings conference call.
In the fourth quarter, the company achieved a GAAP revenue of RMB 1.82 billion, up 15% year-on-year.
Our adjusted net income, which excludes share-based compensation expenses, reached RMB 720 million, reflecting a 15% year-on-year growth.
For the full year of 2024, the company achieved a GAAP revenue of RMB 7.36 billion, up 24% year-on-year.
Adjusted net income, which excludes share-based compensation expenses, reached RMB 2.71 billion, up 26% year-on-year.
Furthermore, our adjusted operating income, excluding other income such as wealth management income was RMB 2.32 billion for full year 2024, rising by 41% year-on-year.
And in 2024, we successfully delivered on our profit commitments.
Share-based compensation expenses as a percentage of revenue in 2024 decreased by 2.3 percentage points compared to 2023 and are expected to further decline in both absolute value and the proportion of revenue in 2025.
In 2024, we attracted nearly 49.5 million newly added verified users, setting a new record for end user growth.
At the same time, we reduced marketing expenses compared to 2023, thanks to our growing brand recognition and enhanced bilateral network effects, which have significantly improved customer acquisition efficiency.
MAU on the BOSS Zhipin app for the full year reached 53 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 25.3%.
Despite macroeconomic challenges in 2024, the company's user growth-driven revenue growth model remains effective, driving notable improvement in both revenue scale and profitability.
To date, user expansion has remained our core growth driver.
The structural revenue growth driven by sustained user penetration is clearly reflected in the following key metrics: first, increasing revenue contribution from blue-collar segments.
Blue-collar's user growth boosted their revenue contribution to overall revenue in 2024 to 38%.
Notably, the manufacturing sector emerged as a bright spot for blue-collar growth, posting the fastest growth rate among all industries.
Second, the revenue contribution from non-Tier 1 cities continues to grow.
Third, the revenue contribution from micro and small enterprises continue to rise.
These revenue gains stem from structural shifts in user growth.
Breakthroughs and growth in these areas would only validate our user-first strategy, but also highlights the significant potential for our future user expansion and revenue growth.
Additionally, we have observed that recruitment demand from white collar and large enterprises have stabilized.
Enterprises with over 10,000 employees demonstrated the fastest quarter-on-quarter revenue growth in the fourth quarter.
In 2024, the total number of paid enterprise customers reached 6.1 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 17.3%.
While the active user paying ratio remained stable, the average revenue per paying user or ARPPU achieved year-on-year growth, both for the full year and in the fourth quarter.
For instance, leverage AI for security review has improved our audit efficiency by 30%.
However, AI has enabled us to manage this without a proportional increase in staffing.
Following the spring festival, the recruitment market continued its steady recovery trend that began towards the end of 2024.
A very important highlight on the supply and demand side, the job seeker to enterprise user ratio among new users improved compared to the same period last year, extending the positive momentum that began in November 2024.
In terms of job type, blue-collar positions have grown faster due to our user expansion, while white collar roles have also demonstrated an improving year-on-year trend.
This growth in AI-related roles in turn has fueled good sequential momentum in demand for product and technical positions since the spring festival.
Last but not least, we are very committed to shareholder returns.
In 2024, the company repurchased approximately $229 million worth of shares, accounting for 3.7% of total outstanding shares.
This underscores our confidence in the company's long-term growth.
The recruitment market environment in 2024 was challenging, but we are pleased to see that recruitment demand gradually stabilized towards the end of the year.
Our number of paid enterprise customers for 2024 expanded to 6.1 million marking a 17% year-on-year growth.
ARPPU for the quarter was up by 6.8% year-on-year and 3.9% quarter-on-quarter, marking a fourth consecutive quarterly growth.
Total share-based compensation expenses decreased by 6% year-on-year in the quarter.
As a percentage of revenue-wise, share-based compensation went down by 4 and 2 percentage points, respectively, for the quarter and the full year.
Excluding share-based compensation expenses, our adjusted income from operations grew by 27% to RMB 659 million and 41% to RMB 2.3 billion, respectively, for the quarter and the full year.
The adjusted operating margin for the fourth quarter reached a quarterly historical high of 36.1%, while the annual adjusted operating margin improved by 4 percentage points to 31.5% in 2024, continue to demonstrate our strong operating leverage and beating our target.
This increase was primarily due to increases in payment processing costs, server and bandwidth costs and other business-related costs alongside with the growth of revenue and user base.
It's worth mentioning that operational employee-related costs as a percentage of revenue decreased by 0.9 percentage points year-on-year and evidence of AI application to improve operating efficiency.
As a result, our gross margin went up by 0.9% to 83.1% in 2024.
Our marketing expenses, including Olympic campaign sponsorship decreased by 10% year-on-year despite a higher new user growth versus prior year.
We believe this improving trend of user acquisition efficiency will continue in 2025 and led to a further decrease of our marketing expenses on both absolute amount and as a percentage of revenue.
R&D expenses increased by 2% year-on-year to RMB 440 million this quarter and by 18% to RMB 1.8 billion for the full year.
This increase was primarily driven by our further investments in AI infrastructure, which incurred AI-related server depreciation costs and cloud services fees.
This increase was mainly due to increased employee-related expenses and investment in new business initiatives.
Our net income reached RMB 444 million in the quarter and RMB 1.6 billion in 2024.
Our adjusted net income increased by 15% year-on-year to RMB 722 million in the fourth quarter and 26% year-on-year to RMB 2.7 billion for the full year.
And our cash position stood at RMB 14.7 billion as of December 31, 2024, though there was share buyback spending.
The robust cash reserves, coupled with strong operating cash flows strategically positioned us well to support future growth initiatives and shareholder returns.
This led to a 1.1% decrease in our total outstanding shares as compared to September 30, 2024, even after counting in shares issued for our share-based awards.
Combined with share repurchased in the preceding quarters, we have spent a total of USD 229 million for the share repurchases in 2024, representing substantial progress of our share repurchase programs.
And now for our business outlook, for the first quarter of 2025, as we witnessed the recruitment spending bottoming out from last quarter and showing upswing trajectory post the Chinese New Year, we expect our total revenues to be between RMB 1.9 billion and RMB 1.92 billion, a year-on-year increase of 11.5% to 12.7%.
The first one is that could you please share your thoughts on how the AI boom driven by the DeepSeek might impact the online recruitment industry?
And this includes the transformations in the industry technology and products as well as its influence on the market recruitment demand, for example, the hiring surge in the tech industry.
So with the emergency of DeepSeek, will this promote any adjustments to our AI R&D investment strategy?
First, in the -- especially for the demand side, in short term, we do see some changes.
Before the restriction order of GPU purchasing, we have actually bought a lot of GPUs.
That situation has gone and the technology innovation has bring changes to many things.
And about our plan for our product road map, I talk a little bit about our current products and services, and we will continue our exploration of AI application agents, and you will see upcoming launch of new services.
And on the revenue side, which you may concern more, so from the AI to recruiters, we have 1 product, which has been there for more than 1 year.
And I think people might be interested to pay for that service, which can help increase the efficiency of achieving a mutual consent by 60% and saving the boss's time by more than 40%.
Could management share more detailed color about the recruitment demand between different enterprise size and also different industries?
And more specifically, how should we think about the sustainability of the demand outlook?
For this year, how we are going to plan to increase the monetization rate or ARPPU on this platform?
But one number is that the online active job postings before and after the spring festival, so this year, the sequential growth is more than 173%, while last year's 141%.
One important point is that compared to last quarter, this quarter, our overall cash in have shown accelerating growth trend.
And on the ARPPU side, I don't have a very strong motive to increase ARPPU very aggressively.
I am witnessing recovery across different industries and different size of companies, so I will give them space to improve together.
So last year, we saw some good growth on the ARPPU side, but -- and also stabilized paying ratio.
I hope this data can mean something and show our view on the growth potential.
Firstly, I want to ask what's our current customer acquisition cost?
Given the continued margin expansion over the past few years, how should we think about the long-term sustainable margin level for the company?
And second, on the blue collar business, wondering if management could share the revenue contribution and client feedback from our current program.
And how should we think about the change in revenue mix from the blue-collar segment?
We are still at a fast user growth stage.
Our user growth target for this year is set as over 35 million above for 2025.
Traffic acquisition per user today compared with the prior years is much lower because of -- this is mainly because of our brand awareness.
So the margin -- so the overall selling and marketing as a percentage of total revenue, we continue to see this percentage going down.
Except for marketing, other major cost and expenses items like COGS, sales expenses to the revenue and also R&D expenses are all well under control.
So looking ahead, the gross margin and the operating margin are all expected to further improve for the full year.
As we communicated last earnings call, we will -- we hope to secure high-quality bottom line growth first, then we hope to actively look for additional upsides.
So we set our full year non-GAAP operating profit target as RMB 3 billion for 2025, which is 30% higher than RMB 2.3 billion non-GAAP operating profit for 2024.
And lastly, our share-based compensation expenses, as I just mentioned in the prepared remarks, these expenses will decline sequentially and which makes our GAAP-based bottom line net profit with even higher growth.
So for the Conch select Hailuo project, which is targeted for those agents with massive hiring demand.
So last year, we saw the contract amount -- full year contract amount for Hailuo more than RMB 200 million.
So I think any new business have more than 2% of our revenue contribution and is growing is a good and valuable input.
If you have any further questions, please contact our team directly or TPG Investor Relations.
Should you buy stock in Kanzhun right now?Before you buy stock in Kanzhun, consider this:The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Kanzhun wasn’t one of them.
Kanzhun (BZ) Q4 2024 Earnings Call Transcript was originally published by The Motley Fool
On March 24, 2026, Citi lowered the price target on SL Green Realty Corp. (NYSE:SLG) to $45 from $55 previously and maintained a Buy rating.
On March 18, 2026, Deutsche Bank analyst Peter Abramowitz upgraded SL Green Realty Corp. (NYSE:SLG) to Buy from Hold with a $44 price target, citing exposure to New York City and expectations for “strong execution” on asset sales and refinancings, along with leasing momentum and improving occupancy outlook.
The combination of weak hiring, high gas prices and a raft of large corporate layoff announcements has led to investors taking a second look at some defensive stocks that haven't done much in recent years (decades).
Over the last 10 years, they've trailed the market as investors prized asset-light companies with big profit margins and even bigger growth.
That's basically bond-like performance, as these companies spent the last few years unwinding some of the worst media deals in history.
AT & T spent $85 billion to buy Time Warner, ultimately puking it up (along with $45 billion in debt) into a spin-off merger with Discovery Media (you know what happened next - Larry Ellison's son and Netflix just had a knife fight over it this winter).
Verizon just posted a blow-out subscriber number the last time it reported earnings .
Full-year operating revenue reached $138.2B (up 2.5%), and adjusted EBITDA hit $50 billion for the year.
VZ also closed an acquisition in Q1, expanding its fiber access to over 30 million homes and businesses and bringing its total fixed wireless access and fiber broadband connections to over 16.3 million.
Free cash flow is inflecting higher for VZ. FCF troughed at $14.1 billion in FY2022.
The company is now guiding to $21.5 billion or more in 2026, which would be the highest FCF since 2020, and management says the growth rate of 7%+ eclipses its 5-year average FCF growth rate of roughly -1% annually.
Crucially for us, VZ is shifting towards being more shareholder friendly.
The board authorized up to $25B in share repurchases over three years, and the annual dividend was raised for the 20th consecutive year, now at a compelling 5.62% yield, which is the 18th highest within the S & P 500.
This was one of the best post-earnings reactions I have ever seen in this name, and I've been doing this since it was called Bell Atlantic, don't play with me.
RSI around the mid-50s tells you momentum has cooled off from overbought without breaking down, which supports the idea that this is digestion, not distribution.
AT & T, Inc. (T) Sean — AT & T saw a big jump higher post earnings too, and like VZ, momentum has carried this name higher.
Free cash flow of $16.6B was reported for the year, with guidance for $18B+ in 2026, which put dividend sustainability concerns to rest, as T currently pays a nice 3.85% yield.
Surprisingly, the old telecom company is starting to see some growth too.
There were 1.5 million net phone adds and 1 million fiber net adds for the year which pushed total fiber subscribers to 10.4 million, and the company's convergence rate (customers utilizing both wireless and fiber) — climbed 200 basis points to 42%, a metric that tends to correlate with lower churn and higher lifetime value, all good things for free cash flow in the future.
The stock spent most of the back half of last year in a downtrend, making lower highs and undercutting its 200-day.
A loss of that would break the short-term uptrend and likely send it back toward the 200-day near $26.50.
As long as the stock is above it and the slope is turning higher, the trend is improving and you can stay with it.
The setup here is straightforward: the stock is coiled just below resistance with momentum in the 60s on RSI, so you're looking for resolution higher, not failure back into the prior range.
PicPay PicPay was recently initiated with a buy rating by analyst Mario Pierry.
Bank of America says the Brazilian fintech company, which trades on the Nasdaq in the U.S. after a January IPO at $19 a share, is a "compelling growth story" that boasts roughly 43 million active users on its platform, the investment bank wrote.
"Revenue expansion should also be supported by new verticals, such as services to small- and medium size enterprises," he wrote.
"We rate PicPay as Buy given strong earnings momentum (supported by monetization of existing clients and operational leverage gains), while valuation multiples are discounted vs LatAm and global peers," he said.
The stock is down about 39% in March but investors should buy the dip, Bank of America said.
Microsoft Analyst Tal Liani reinstated coverage of the Windows and Xbox parent earlier this week, saying Microsoft is firing on all cylinders.
Liani added that demand remains robust for Microsoft's Azure cloud infrastructure platform.
"We believe that Microsoft is well positioned to generate sustained mid double digit growth in the coming 3 years, led by continued adoption of [the] Azure cloud infrastructure platform, cloud based Office 365 productivity suite and a growing number of AI solutions and services," he said.
Liani has a price target of $500 per share and says Microsoft shares have plenty more room to run.
The stock is down 30% in the past six months, but remains compelling at current levels, Bank of America said.
Payoneer Shares of the financial payment platform have plenty more room to run, according to the bank.
Analyst Aditya Buddhavarapu initiated coverage of the stock earlier this week with a buy rating.
Bank of America sees a host of positive catalysts, including a multi-trillion dollar growth opportunity and robust cash generation.
Buddhavarapu has a price target of $6 per share and says the stock is too attractive to ignore at current prices.
Payoneer is busy "building the moat," the analyst said of Payoneer's potential upside.
Shares are up 11% over the past month.
Meta Platforms "The top catalyst for the stock remains Avocado launch, and while the delay is disappointing, we think there are a number of other AI based consumer services in development (and not necessarily dependent on Avocado), which could launch this year, including AI video creation tools, Agentic, search, and subscriptions."
Apple "Our Buy rating on Apple is based on 1) expected strong iPhone upgrade cycle in F25, F26 driven by the need for latest hardware to enable Gen AI features, 2) higher growth in Services revenue, 3) higher margins from more internally developed silicon, 4) continuing capital returns, 5) AI features that can drive higher institutional ownership, and 6) risk around legal issues being manageable."
PicPay "New verticals add to a compelling growth story.
expansion should also be supported by new verticals, such as services to small and medium size enterprises. ...
.We rate PicPay as Buy given strong earnings momentum (supported by monetization of existing clients and operational leverage gains), while valuation multiples are discounted vs LatAm and global peers."
.We believe that Microsoft is well positioned to generate sustained mid double digit growth in the coming 3 years, led by continued adoption of Azure cloud infrastructure platform, cloud based Office 365 productivity suite and a growing number of AI solutions and services."
Other airlines have also said demand has held up.
Delta Air Lines CEO Ed Bastian told a JPMorgan industry conference earlier this month that demand has remained strong in recent weeks and that the airline is "well-positioned" to recapture the spike in fuel from its own sales.
U.S. airlines have seen solid demand for years.
But airline executives said they will prune flights if demand falls.
"We're certainly going to be nimble in terms of capacity to make sure that supply and demand stay in balance," American Airlines CEO Robert Isom said at the JPMorgan conference.
United, for its part, is preparing for fuel prices to remain elevated through next year and is cutting about 3 percentage points off of its capacity in off-peak travel times, like midweek and redeye flights, Kirby told employees this month.
As of Friday afternoon, the Senate had passed a potential deal to end the shutdown, thought its fate was unclear.
President Donald Trump separately said he would sign an order to get the more than 50,000 TSA officers paid.
"Seems possible passenger throughput softens over the coming days and TSA screening YoY growth for this week turns slightly negative."
Managing DirectorMerrill Wealth Management620Client Households$2mAccount Minimum$10mTypical Account SizeRetail, High Net Worth, Ultra High Net WorthClient Base$22mTypical Net WorthInstitutional consultingAdvice to institutional clients including: mutual funds, pension funds, endowment funds, insurance companies, banks, and hedge funds.
Financial planningAdvice on investment plans for managing cash flows, reducing liabilities, saving for retirement, etc.Philanthropic servicesAdvice on maximizing charitable impact.
Executive services/Equity compensationAdvice for executives in managing the assets in their corporate equity compensation plans.
Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc. (ICMB) Q4 2025 Earnings Call April 1, 2026 9:00 AM EDTCompany ParticipantsAndrew Muns - COO, CFO, Treasurer & SecretarySuhail Shaikh - CEO, CIO of Private Credit & DirectorPresentationOperatorGood morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to today's Investcorp Credit Management BDC's Quarter ended December 31, 2025 Earnings Call.
Welcome, everyone, to Investcorp Credit Management BDC's earnings call for the quarter ended December 31, 2025.
An audio replay of the call will be available on the Investor Relations page of our website at icmbdc.com.
To obtain copies of our latest SEC filings, please visit the company's registration statement on the SEC's EDGAR platform or our Investor Relations page on our website.
The format for today's call is as follows: Suhail will provide an overall business and portfolio summary, and then I will provide an overview of our results, summarizing the financials.
Financial planningAdvice on investment plans for managing cash flows, reducing liabilities, saving for retirement, etc.Retirement planningAdvice on determining retirement income goals, and the actions and decisions necessary to achieve those goals.
"Interest rates have declined and banking regulation has eased.
Borrowers, particularly private equity firms, increasingly turned to direct lenders offering faster execution and looser terms.
According to PitchBook data, banks' share of buyout financings above $1 billion fell to just 39% in 2023, down from about 80% in the five years prior.
Years of aggressive lending are starting to backfire, as higher interest rates make it harder for heavily indebted borrowers to repay loans and increase default risks.
Investor demand for liquidity is also rising, with some clients seeking to pull money after years of locking up capital.
Direct lenders continue to compete aggressively, offering unitranche loans that bundle different types of debt into one package at a single interest rate.
Blackstone and Ares, for example, were among 33 lenders that reportedly provided about $5 billion in financing to back investment firm Thoma Bravo's acquisition of logistics company WWEX Group, underscoring how private credit firms can still fund large buyout deals even as banks begin to re-enter the market.
Pitchbook's global head of credit and U.S. private equity Marina Lukatsky noted that the expected rebound in buyouts and dealmaking has yet to materialize this year, as uncertainty around trade policy, interest rates and geopolitics has slowed activity.
With fewer deals taking place, demand for financing has declined across both banks and private credit.
Additionally, large buyout activity needs to pick up, and the broader economic outlook needs to improve.
At Double Oak Wealth Management Group, we have assembled a team of highly experienced professionals dedicated to serving the complex wealth management needs of affluent investors, with a multi-generational focus on asset growth and preservation.
This ranking is based on in-person and telephone due diligence meetings to evaluate each advisor qualitatively, a major component of a ranking algorithm that includes client retention, industry experience, review of compliance records, firm nominations, and quantitative criteria, including assets under management and revenue generated for their firms.
Beacon Pointe’s Institutional Consulting Group manages approximately $4.5 billion in assets (as of March 31st, 2023).
Our team is dedicated to providing thoughtful invest...110Client Households$20mAccount MinimumEndowments, Foundations, InstitutionsClient BaseFinancial PlanningAdvice on investment plans for managing cash flows, reducing liabilities, saving for retirement, etc.Institutional ConsultingAdvice to institutional clients including: mutual funds, pension funds, endowment funds, insurance companies, banks, and hedge funds.
An investor should consult with their financial professional before making any investment decisions.
Private Wealth AdvisorRockefeller Capital Management404Client Households$10mAccount Minimum$10mTypical Account SizeHigh Net Worth, Ultra High Net WorthClient Base$40mTypical Net WorthExecutive services/Equity compensationAdvice for executives in managing the assets in their corporate equity compensation plans.
Financial planningAdvice on investment plans for managing cash flows, reducing liabilities, saving for retirement, etc.Trading individual securitiesAdvice on trading and purchasing individual securities, such as stocks, mutual funds, Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs), bonds and other fixed-income instruments.
Trump says Iranian "president" has asked U.S. for ceasefireBy Howard SchneiderWASHINGTON, April 1 (Reuters) - Businesses continue to act as if high oil prices will prove only a short-term disruption, with little evidence yet it has caused consumers to pull back on spending or shifted public inflation expectations in a worrisome way, Richmond Federal Reserve Bank President Tom Barkin said.
"Gas spending is up a lot, obviously, but the rest of spending still looks pretty healthy," said Barkin, who is not a voter on interest rate policy this year.
"Since the start of U.S. airstrikes in Iran and the ensuing surge in global oil prices, Fed officials and central bankers globally have reacted with equal parts concern and patience - concern that sustained high energy prices could raise inflation they are fighting to contain, and patience against overreacting until it is clear how long the conflict might last and what the impact on prices might be.
The Fed at its most recent meeting held the policy interest rate steady in the current 3.50% to 3.75% range, with policymakers still projecting a single quarter-point rate cut by the end of the year.
Gas prices, meanwhile, jumped again on Wednesday to a national average of $4.06, according to AAA, the highest since the summer of 2022, when a combination of pandemic-era supply shocks and strong consumer demand led to the worst surge of inflation in 40 years.
Fed officials are intent on avoiding a repeat, and the oil surge prompted investors to - briefly - anticipate the Fed would begin hiking interest rates this year rather than at some point resuming the rate reductions that had been expected.
Barkin said there are scenarios that could push the Fed in any direction at this point, but the case for a hike would in his view likely revolve around a rise in inflation expectations - the sort of development that would compel policymakers to prove they are committed to keeping price increases in line with their 2% target.
"The hike case would be around inflation expectations starting to finally move," he said.
The case for cuts, by contrast, would involve either inflation starting to move quickly back towards the Fed’s 2% target from about a percentage point above that now, or a weakening in the job market that required support in the form of rate cuts.
Absent that, however, the Fed may be left on hold, with inflation expected to make only halting progress towards the central bank’s target this year, given successive price shocks under Trump that began with tariffs and continued with oil.
"The likely result, Barkin said, is slower progress back to the Fed’s inflation target, an outlook now embedded in market expectations that see rate hikes as off the table, but also with the Fed on an extended pause well into 2027 before rate cuts are expected.
Trump says Iranian "president" has asked U.S. for ceasefireBy Leika KiharaTOKYO, April 1 (Reuters) - Japan may face stagflation risks from the Iran war that would be challenging to deal with using monetary policy, new Bank of Japan board member Toichiro Asada said on Wednesday.
With Japan having emerged from deflation and now facing inflation, the BOJ can no longer focus solely on keeping monetary policy loose, said Asada, who is viewed as an advocate of expansionary monetary and fiscal policy.
Surging crude oil prices due to the Middle East conflict are increasing inflationary pressures, though raising interest rates to deal with the problem could hurt factory output and jobs, he said.
"It’s hard to deal with such a situation with monetary policy."
With more than 124 years of combined industry experience* and over $2.2 billion** in assets under management, our team takes tremendous pride in helping you use your wealth to achieve what is most important to you.
Institutional consultingAdvice to institutional clients including: mutual funds, pension funds, endowment funds, insurance companies, banks, and hedge funds.
Fusion Media and any provider of the data contained in this website will not accept liability for any loss or damage as a result of your trading, or your reliance on the information contained within this website.
Financial planningAdvice on investment plans for managing cash flows, reducing liabilities, saving for retirement, etc.Trust & estate planningAdvice on future trust and estate planning.
Quantitative and qualitative measures used to determine the Advisor rankings include: client assets, return on assets, client satisfaction/retention, compliance records, and community involvement, among others.
Barron's does not receive compensation from Advisors, participating firms and their affiliates, or the media in exchange for rankings.
Gold, often seen as a safe haven asset, serves as a hedge against inflation, currency fluctuations, and geopolitical uncertainties.
Investing in Gold Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) provides a convenient way to gain exposure to this precious metal without the complexities of physical ownership.
SPDR Gold Shares (GLD)With a market capitalization of approximately $163 billion, SPDR Gold Shares (GLD) stands as one of the largest and most liquid gold ETFs available.
Its robust trading volume and low expense ratio make it a preferred option for those looking to invest in gold.
2. iShares Gold Trust (IAU)The iShares Gold Trust (IAU) boasts a substantial market cap of around $71.524 billion.
With competitive expense ratios and consistent tracking of gold prices, IAU remains a compelling choice for investors seeking stability and long-term growth potential.
For investors seeking a smaller entry point into the gold market, SPDR Gold MiniShares (GLDM) serves as an attractive option as GLDM typically trades at a lower share price compared to some other gold ETFs, including the SPDR Gold Shares (GLD) and iShares Gold Trust (IAU).
Despite its smaller market cap of $30.101 billion compared to some other gold ETFs, GLDM has demonstrated consistent returns over time.
VanEck Gold Miners ETF (GDX)With a market capitalization of approximately $28.256 billion, the VanEck Gold Miners ETF (GDX) is a leading option for investors seeking exposure to the gold mining sector.
Unlike ETFs that track physical gold prices, GDX invests in a diversified portfolio of global gold mining companies, providing indirect exposure to gold price movements.
Gain instant access to expense ratio data on the InvestingPro platform.- Liquidity: Choose ETFs with higher trading volumes to ensure ease of buying and selling shares.- Historical Performance: Assess historical returns over different time frames to gauge consistency and growth potential.- Market Capitalization: Consider the size of the fund, as larger ETFs often offer more liquidity and stability.
InvestingPro: Unlock ETF DataDiscover the capabilities of InvestingPro for evaluating Gold ETFs.
Register for InvestingPro to unlock valuable insights into Gold ETF benchmarks and seize control of your investment journey.
What is a Gold ETF?A Gold Exchange-Traded Fund (ETF) is a type of investment fund that tracks the price of gold.
Gold ETFs are designed to mirror the performance of physical gold prices and are traded on stock exchanges similar to individual stocks.
To learn more about ETFs, read our guide: What is an ETF?
Gold ETFs own gold bullion and issue shares that represent ownership of that gold.
The ETF’s price typically reflects the price movements of gold.
Investors can buy and sell these shares on stock exchanges throughout the trading day.
Gold ETFs offer exposure to the precious metal, diversifying an investment portfolio.
- Liquidity: They provide liquidity as they can be bought and sold on stock exchanges during market hours.- Cost-Effective:
- Liquidity Risks: In less liquid markets, buying and selling Gold ETF shares may be challenging.
How do I Invest in a Gold ETF?
Some Gold ETFs offer the option for authorized participants to exchange shares for physical gold.
Q. How can I choose the right Gold ETF for my portfolio?
Consider factors such as expense ratios, liquidity, historical performance, market capitalization, and your investment goals.
Q. Are Gold ETFs a good hedge against inflation?
Gold is often considered a hedge against inflation due to its historical tendency to retain value during inflationary periods.
However, its effectiveness as an inflation hedge may vary over time.
Whether aiming for portfolio diversification, a hedge against inflation, or seeking stability during market volatility, these top gold ETFs – SPDR Gold Shares (GLD), iShares Gold Trust (IAU), and SPDR Gold MiniShares (GLDM) – stand out due to their market capitalization, historical performance, and liquidity.
For investors looking to diversify beyond precious metals, uranium stocks offer exposure to the nuclear energy sector, presenting a unique growth opportunity linked to the clean energy transition.
Analystâs Disclosure: I/we have no stock, option or similar derivative position in any of the companies mentioned, and no plans to initiate any such positions within the next 72 hours.
I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha).
I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.
No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor.
The Tommy Hilfiger and Calvin Klein ownerâs growth remains slow, but earnings remain resilient despitePVH Corp.: Earnings Power Is Materially Undervalued (Rating Upgrade)
Summary- PVH Corp. again reported slow constant currency growth in Q4, reflecting Tommy Hilfiger's and Calvin Klein's slow brand power.
Brand revitalization remains critical.- PVH's earnings outlook is stabilizing in FY2026 despite tariffs and low consumer confidence.
- I estimate PVH stock to have 66% upside to $115.9 even with low forward earnings expectations.
Analystâs Disclosure: I/we have no stock, option or similar derivative position in any of the companies mentioned, but may initiate a beneficial Long position through a purchase of the stock, or the purchase of call options or similar derivatives in PVH over the next 72 hours.
In its fourth-quarter 2025 investor letter, Artisan Mid Cap Value Fund highlighted Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. (NYSE:BIO).
On March 31, 2026, Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. (NYSE:BIO) stock closed at $278.75 per share.
One-month return of Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. (NYSE:BIO) was -2.08%, and its shares gained 13.53% over the past 52 weeks.
Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. (NYSE:BIO) has a market capitalization of $7.527 billion.
Artisan Mid Cap Value Fund stated the following regarding Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. (NYSE:BIO) in its fourth quarter 2025 investor letter:"Q4 sales included WaFd, LKQ, and Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. (NYSE:BIO), a manufacturer and distributer of life science research and clinical diagnostics products.
The interest rate on the most popular U.S. home loan jumped last week to the highest since August, as rising oil prices from the U.S. and Israeli war on Iran fueled inflation fears and drove up yields on the Treasury bonds that lenders widely use as benchmarks for setting mortgage rates.
The Mortgage Bankers Association said on Wednesday the contract rate on a 30-year, fixed-rate mortgage rose 14 basis points to 6.57% in the week ended March 27.
The last time the weekly rise was bigger was in the immediate aftermath of President Donald Trump’s "Liberation Day" announcement of larger-than-expected global tariffs.
"However, the shocks of the jump in rates and the increase in overall economic uncertainty are likely having an impact on buyer confidence.”
Managing DirectorMerrill390Client Households$500kAccount Minimum$5mTypical Account SizeHigh Net Worth, Ultra High Net WorthClient Base$10mTypical Net WorthFinancial planningAdvice on investment plans for managing cash flows, reducing liabilities, saving for retirement, etc.
Financial planningAdvice on investment plans for managing cash flows, reducing liabilities, saving for retirement, etc.InsuranceFinancial planning through various insurance products, including income-generating annuities instruments.
Key factors and criteria include: assets under management, revenue produced for the firm, regulatory and compliance record, and years of professional experience.
The listing reflects each advisor’s performance in six primary areas: assets under management (AUM), asset growth, compliance record, experience, credentials and online accessibility.
Key factors and criteria for each award include: assets under management, revenue produced for the firm, regulatory and compliance record, and years of professional experience.
Investment products, including shares of mutual funds, are not federally or FDIC-insured, are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed by any financial institution, and involve investment risks including possible loss of principal and fluctuation in value.
U.S. stock futures advanced on Wednesday, after the indexes saw their biggest one-day gains in nearly a year in the previous session, following President Donald Trump’s comments that suggested a swift end to the Middle East conflict.
Trump and Secretary of State Marco Rubio said on Tuesday that the end of the Iran war could be near, signaling potential for both direct talks with Iranian leadership and a winding down of the conflict without a deal.
The CBOE Volatility Index, known as Wall Street’s fear gauge, slipped to an over one-week low and was last down 0.51 points at 24.74.
Despite the rally on Tuesday, the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq posted their steepest monthly declines in a year, while the Dow logged its sharpest drop since September 2022.
Money market participants had priced out any easing from the U.S. Federal Reserve this year after the war outbreak stoked energy-driven inflation fears, clouding the outlook for interest rate cuts.
Comments from Federal Reserve policymakers Alberto Musalem and Michael Barr will be tracked for any clues on the monetary policy path.
Among stocks, Nike slumped 9.1% in premarket trading after the sportswear giant forecast a surprise drop in its fourth-quarter sales.
Shares of RH slid 17.2% after the luxury furniture retailer forecast annual revenue growth below estimates and missed expectations for fourth-quarter revenue.
The Middle East war that’s driven a sharp rise in energy prices and roiled critical supply chains appears on track to hit headline inflation, with a smaller impact on underlying price pressures, the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland said in updated data Wednesday.
The bank’s nowcasts of inflation said that on a year-over-year basis the April consumer price index stood at 3.71%, up from the March CPI nowcast of 3.25%.
The Fed’s preferred inflation measure, the personal consumption expenditures index, stood at 3.58% for April versus 3.28% for March.
The year-over-year number for core CPI was 2.56% in April from March’s 2.6% while core PCE is forecast to be 3.03% for the current month, versus March’s 2.97%.
The bank’s inflation “nowcasts” are designed to project where these key inflation measures stand in real-time, and the message they currently portray jibes with the comments of policymakers.
In a separate report, the New York Fed said that labor market tightness eased in February to below normal levels, “driven by declines both in vacancies over effective searchers and in the quits rate.”
Adoption hasn’t exactly skyrocketed, token inflation is a concern and its price performance has felt more Web2 than Web3.
2025 FIL Price PredictionThe outlook may reflect market skepticism around FIL's ability to scale demand in a meaningful way.
While Filecoin’s network is technically robust, questions remain around who’s actually using it and whether real-world storage demand will ever meet the original vision.
2026 FIL Price PredictionThe outlook for 2026 paints a flatter picture.
In a market that thrives on speculation and growth narratives, being “just okay” is the fastest way to be forgotten.
If the forecasts hold, investors with the right tools could profit from the dip.
If storage deals on the network don’t spike or competing decentralized storage protocols like Arweave or Sia offer better incentives, FIL could lose market share and market momentum.
2030 FIL Price PredictionThis scenario assumes token inflation continues to outpace utility.
If FIL can’t create meaningful demand or newer, faster or cheaper competitors dominate the decentralized storage market, there may be no reason for the token to hold value.
If Web3 grows up and starts caring about real decentralization, Filecoin’s massive storage capacity and global node network could finally shine.
Factors That Could Slow Filecoin’s GrowthBut here’s the kicker: all that potential hasn’t yet translated into explosive demand.
Without strong mechanisms to reduce circulating supply or create meaningful utility, FIL risks becoming a high-supply, low-demand coin.
To build this price outlook for Filecoin (FIL), we analyzed a combination of sources and metrics, including short-term resistance levels and long-term adoption trends.
Aggregate Analyst ForecastsPrice predictions were sourced from reputable crypto forecast platforms like WalletInvestor and CoinCodex.
If enterprise adoption kicks in or new dApps build directly on top of Filecoin, token demand could surge.
But if the market continues favoring centralized solutions or more efficient alternatives, FIL could underperform.
In a bullish macro environment, infrastructure tokens like FIL tend to outperform.
This suggests a modest 6.64% gain from current levels, reflecting cautious optimism amid real-world adoption and token utility questions.
These numbers reflect a bearish long-term outlook driven by concerns over token inflation, lack of explosive adoption and potential regulatory headwinds.
Unless the project pivots or sees a surge in utility, FIL could face a significant decline in value over the decade.
The appropriateness of a particular investment or strategy will depend on an investor’s individual circumstances and objectives.
Position added successfully to:ConditionFrequencyDelivery MethodWebsite popupMobile App notificationsEmail NotificationsStatus
Economic growth was much slower than expected in the final three months of 2025 while core inflation rose to start 2026, the Commerce Department reported Friday.
Gross domestic product, a measure of all the goods and services produced across the sprawling U.S. economy, rose at a seasonally and inflation-adjusted annual rate of just 0.7% in the fourth quarter, according to the department's Bureau of Economic Analysis.
The first revision of the GDP reading was a sharp step down from the previous estimate of 1.4% and well below the Dow Jones consensus forecast for 1.5%.
It also marked a considerable slowdown from the 4.4% gain in the prior period, hampered by a record-long government shutdown that saw government spending tumble 16.7%.
For the full year, GDP posted a 2.1% increase, or one-tenth of a percentage point lower than the previous reading.
A decline in imports, which technically subtract from GDP, also was less than the previous estimate.
Consumer spending rose 2% for the quarter, following a 0.4 percentage point downward revision that represented a decline from the 3.5% increase in the third quarter.
On the inflation side, readings for January were mostly in line with estimates, though they showed price increases running well ahead of where the Federal Reserve would like.
The personal consumption expenditures price index, the Fed's primary forecasting tool for inflation, posted a seasonally adjusted gain of 0.3% for the month, putting the annual rate at 2.8%.
Stripping out volatile food and energy costs, the core PCE inflation rose 0.4% in January and 3.1% on a 12-month basis.
Fed officials focus more closely on the core reading as a better indication of longer-run trends.
A separate Commerce Department report showed that orders for long-lasting goods such as transportation equipment, appliances and computers were flat in January, well below the estimate for a 1.3% gain though an improvement on the 0.9% decline in December.
"The big downward revision in GDP is a gut check going into this energy crunch, increasing the risk of stagflation," said David Russell, global head of market strategy at TradeStation.
This creates challenges for investors with PCE inflation still running well above the Fed's target.
"Though the numbers are dated, they nonetheless provide a snapshot of inflation pressures and economic growth heading into the Supreme Court decision voiding many of President Donald Trump's tariffs that he exercised under provisions in the International Emergency Economic Powers Act.
Economists generally assumed that tariffs had added about half a percentage point or a bit more to inflation trends.
The inflation data "tells us that the inflation picture wasn't looking good even before the Middle East crisis," said Sonu Varghese, chief macro strategist for the Carson Group.
"An already large headache for the Federal Reserve is going to turn into an even larger one, and it's likely the Fed will not cut rates in 2026 and may even start talking about rate hikes later this year."Personal income and spending in January both increased 0.4%, against respective estimates for 0.5% and 0.3%.
Within the GDP report, a proxy for demand known as private sales to private domestic purchasers increased just 1.9% in Q4, revised down by half a percentage point and a full point lower than the prior quarter.
Fed officials watch the PCE gauge closely as they consider it a broader inflation measure than the consumer price index, and use the private sales metric as a proxy for broader economic activity.
Earlier this week, the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported a February headline CPI rate of 2.4% and core at 2.5%, the latter being the lowest reading since March 2021 though still above the Fed's 2% target.
The central bank will issue its next rate decision Wednesday.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved Eli Lilly's GLP-1 pill, the company said, a major milestone for the Indianapolis-based drugmaker and one that will test the market for new weight-loss medications.
It doesn't produce as much weight loss as Lilly's best-selling shot Zepbound, which raises questions about how big the drug will become when millions of people seem content injecting themselves once a week.
That compares to expectations of $24.68 billion for the weight-loss drug Zepbound and $44.87 billion for Mounjaro, which is marketed for diabetes in the U.S. and obesity and diabetes in the rest of the world.
"[Foundayo] does allow for scalability, and that will allow us to launch this globally on the first instance," Ricks said.
Early demand for that pill has been stronger than expected, with Novo reporting more than 600,000 prescriptions in March.
Novo CEO Mike Doustdar told CNBC in February that one of the earliest takeaways from the launch is that the pill appears to be expanding the obesity treatment market, drawing in new patients rather than converting existing ones from injections.
The Wegovy pill showed around 16.6% weight loss on average in a late-stage trial, while Lilly's oral drug caused roughly 12.4% on average in a separate study, when analyzing patients who stayed on treatment.
The lowest doses of both drugs will cost $149 for cash-paying customers thanks to an agreement the companies struck with the Trump administration last fall.
The lower price point and the approachability of a pill versus a shot opens up the market to casually interested patients, said BMO Capital Markets analyst Evan David Seigerman.
Ricks expects a "pretty robust" response to the program, which Lilly built into its financial guidance for the year.
Analysts say a successful launch of Foundayo is key to Lilly's stock recovering from recent weakness.
The company's shares have fallen about 14% this year after a meteoric rise that briefly made Lilly the first trillion dollar market cap health-care company.
Sales are a lagging indicator, so analysts will be tracking prescriptions to monitor uptake of the pill, said Cantor Fitzgerald analyst Carter Gould.
The company has already shared some late-stage data on that drug, but the most important trial is one studying the treatment specifically for weight loss.
If retatrutide lives up to its expectations, Lilly would be on its way to creating a portfolio of obesity medicines.
Check out the companies making the biggest moves in midday trading: Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac — Shares of the mortgage financing companies rallied after Pershing Square Capital Management's Bill Ackman said in an X post late Sunday that the stocks are "stupidly cheap."
The billionaire investor suggested shares could rise 10-fold.
Shares of Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) and Federal Home Loan Mortgage (Freddie Mac) rose more than 30% each in trading Monday.
Boston Scientific — The medical device company's stock tumbled more than 9% after Raymond James downgraded it to outperform from strong buy as it cut estimates below Wall Street's consensus.
The firm said trends are weakening in its key growth areas.
Palo Alto Networks — Shares of the cybersecurity developer jumped more than 7% after CEO Nikesh Arora disclosed Friday that he purchased $10 million worth of shares on the open market.
United Therapeutics — The pharmaceutical company's stock rose nearly 13%, hitting a 52-week high, after it reported upbeat Phase 3 clinical trial results for Tyvaso, its main product.
Alternative asset managers — The Department of Labor proposed a rule that would allow 401(k) plans to more easily include alternative assets such as cryptocurrency, real estate and private market assets.
The news sent shares of alternative asset managers higher.
The deal is expected to close in Sysco's 2027 fiscal third quarter, with the company calling the transaction "immediately accretive."
However, investors are focusing on the debt associated with the deal.
Avis — Shares sunk more than 3% after surging more than 48% last week.
Car rental companies were seen as beneficiaries from the chaos at U.S. airports due to the Department of Homeland Security funding impasse, though it appeared Monday investors were taking some profits from Avis' surge.
CrowdStrike — Shares of the cybersecurity giant rose more than 4% after it got some support from analysts on the Street.
Wolfe Research upgraded the stock to outperform, saying that CrowdStrike will benefit from increased cyber risks from artificial intelligence rather than have its business model disrupted by the technology, while Morgan Stanley named the stock a top pick.
CrowdStrike had been off more than 21% in 2026 on fears AI will replace cybersecurity technology. —
Prior to the conflict, the contract was exchanging hands at around $70 a barrel.
Get more oil market insights with InvestingPro -now 50% offTrump said on Tuesday that Washington could withdraw from the conflict within “two to three weeks,” adding that Iran doesn’t have to make a deal to conclude the conflict.
U.S. crude stock surge against expectations of a draw - APIElsewhere, data from the American Petroleum Institute showed U.S. crude inventories rose by 10.26 million barrels last week, sharply above expectations for a 1.3 million-barrel draw and compared with a prior build of 2.3 million barrels, pointing to weaker demand.
Financial planningAdvice on investment plans for managing cash flows, reducing liabilities, saving for retirement, etc.Loans/credit servicesAdvice on credit cards, personal loans, mortgage loans and commercial loans.
The Iran war and its impact on the global energy market will keep headline U.S. inflation this year well above the Federal Reserve's projections, possibly necessitating policy action, according to a key global policy group.
In its periodic update of economic conditions, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development forecast all-items inflation in the U.S. to be at 4.2% for 2026.
The forecast is a sharp step up from the prior projection of 2.8%.
Moreover, it is much higher than the 2.7% Fed officials estimated when they updated their own forecasts last week.
"The breadth and duration of the conflict are very uncertain, but a prolonged period of higher energy prices will add markedly to business costs and raise consumer price inflation, with adverse consequences for growth," the OECD said.
However, the agency said U.S. inflation is likely to recede sharply in 2027, back to 1.6%, which is actually well below the Fed estimate of 2.2% and less than the central bank's 2% target.
Core inflation, which excludes energy as well as food prices, is estimated at 2.8% this year, then 2.4% in 2027.
In its baseline forecast, the OECD said it sees the Fed keeping its policy rate flat through 2027 "reflecting rising headline inflation in the near-term, core inflation projected to remain above target through 2027, and solid projected GDP growth.
The organization, though, cautioned that the Fed and its global counterparts "need to remain vigilant" against inflation threats.
"The current supply-induced rise in global energy prices can be looked through provided inflation expectations remain well-anchored, but policy adjustment may be needed if there are signs of broader price pressures or weaker labour market conditions," the report stated.
GDP slowed sharply to a 0.7% rate in the fourth quarter of 2025.
The OECD provides its outlook twice a year, with periodic updates.
Expert Opinion 💡💭Before choosing which stock prop trading firm to pursue, it is crucial to assess not only the firm’s track record but also whether its model suits you.
Consider the company’s track record for stock trading.
Firms that adopt a comprehensive approach to their traders’ skills often demonstrate a strong commitment to their success, reassuring you that the firm is invested in your growth and development.
Thomas Monteiro – Senior Analyst at Investing.comThe History and Definitions of Stock Trading Prop FirmsHistorically Stock Trading Prop Firms centred around a physical location, normally a Trading Floor, where traders would meet and engage in trading Stocks.
Sometimes the trader was directly employed by the Stock Trading Prop Firm and would be required to trade using the firm’s Capital, Proprietary Methods, and Technologies.
Other times the traders would function as an ‘Independent’ Stock Trader employing their own capital, methods, and technologies on a Trading Floor that was provided by the Stock Trading Prop Firm.
These Legacy Stock Trading Prop Firms, of both flavours, still exist, however, they are fewer in numbers.
This needs to be considered by a Stock Trader at the beginning of their journey.
The widespread availability of stable internet connections, the maturity of digital software support packages, and changes in human working patterns, has allowed and encouraged the creation of a new model of Online Stock Trading Prop Firms.
These now allow would-be Stock Traders to operate as truly location-independent remote-based traders.
This democratisation of Stock Trading has allowed a wider audience to engage in this area of financial markets.
How Does a Stock Prop Trading Firm Actually Work?
Modern Day Online Stock Trading Prop Firms require a trader to pass a test to confirm their talent, trading methodology, and risk-management skills.
Once again, it is important for a trader to fully understand their firm’s ‘rules of engagement’ in order to avoid being disqualified.
You will then be eligible to trade the Firm’s Capital how you wish (whilst still respecting the Firm’s Risk Management Rules) and will be eligible to earn a profit share based upon the trader’s performance.
So long as the Trader maintains a positive balance within their funded account, they will be eligible to continue trading the allocated capital and receive a profit-share for their endeavours.
Loss of positive trading performance will also lead to loss of access to the Funded Account.
Why Use a Stock Prop Trading Firm Instead Of A Broker?
They manage risk by implementing position sizing limits and stop-loss orders for the potential downside to the traders.
Stock prop trading firms may be an attractive option for traders who attach importance to the availability of capital, leverage, and strict risk management measures.
Benefits of Using A Stock Prop Trading FirmStock prop firms provide many advantages:- Capital:
Prop firms provide funds to the traders that they use to take large positions, and so, the profit can be even greater compared to their restricted capital.
This leverage increases potential returns, thereby allowing the trader to take advantage of short-term opportunities in the market and possibly gain increased profitability.- Advanced Tools: The best firms invest heavily in cutting-edge trade platforms, market data, and analytics tools.
Additionally, certain firms provide access to online databases that contain downloadable financial statements, earnings reports, and key metrics to ascertain the fundamentals of a company.- Learning Environment: Being able to observe the approaches of other profitable traders as well as receive training and mentoring, creates a highly effective learning opportunity.
Many prop firms offer mentorship and training to traders so that they can develop new skills and knowledge.- Reduced Financial Risk: Stock prop trading offers reduced exposure to traders’ personal financial losses compared to using their own capital.
Limitations of Using Prop Firms for Stock Trading
Most stock trading prop firms would have rules of position sizing with the account capital.
This may cap an emerging trader’s ability to try out more extensive portfolio allocation strategies.
Firms do reserve the right to stop partnerships in their tracks if either trader or partnership performance criteria are not met.
It is also worth considering that stock prop trading firms will usually hold back some part of the profit as a compensation fee.
How to Pick A Stock Trading Prop Firm?
When choosing a stock trading prop firm, consider the following factors:Support: Choose a firm that offers comprehensive training and ongoing support.
Ensure that you fully understand firstly, what test and evaluations traders are required to pass in order to gain access to Capital.
Secondly, what risk-management protocols must be adhered to in order to ensure a) profit-share payment and b) maintenance of access to the Funded Trading Capital.
What are the funding costs to join a modern Online Stock Trading Prop Firm?
Most traders will be required to pay a ‘challenge fee’ in order to take the Firm’s Funding test and evaluation.
Proprietary trading firms often back up new traders with training and mentorship programs, including education in every aspect, from books to trading simulations, and sometimes guidance from professional traders on learning or improving the quality and intensity of trading.
How Are Profits and Losses Distributed Between the Traders and the Firm?Profits and losses are shared between the trader and the prop firm under a profit-sharing agreement.
To the traders, a part is paid as a percentage of profit received, and the remainder is for the firm as compensation for providing capital, infrastructure, and support.
The policies may involve stop-loss orders, limitations for positions, regular risk assessments and the use of risk-monitoring tools to protect both traders and the firm.
Can Traders Trade Both Long and Short Positions with a Stock Prop Trading Firm?Traders at a stock prop trading firm deal with both long (buy) and short (sell) transactions; hence, traders can take advantage of movements in the market in either direction—up or down.
Traders in prop firms may receive performance-based compensation, such as profit-sharing or tiered commission structures tied to specific trading targets.
In its fourth-quarter 2025 investor letter, Artisan Mid Cap Value Fund highlighted Cable One, Inc. (NYSE:CABO).
One-month return of Cable One, Inc. (NYSE:CABO) was -20.97%, and its shares lost 66.97% over the past 52 weeks.
Cable One, Inc. (NYSE:CABO) has a market capitalization of $517.4 million.
Artisan Mid Cap Value Fund stated the following regarding Cable One, Inc. (NYSE:CABO) in its fourth quarter 2025 investor letter:"Turning to our review of the full year, the portfolio trailed the index in 2025.
Stock selection was negative for a second consecutive year after contributing positively for the calendar years 2021, 2022 and 2023.
While its valuation indicated a cheap security based on a variety of scenarios, its financial condition is now impeding on the business and leaves management no room to operate the business strategically if conditions deteriorate further."
Analyst’s Disclosure: I/we have a beneficial long position in the shares of ABVX either through stock ownership, options, or other derivatives.
All content in this article, including but not limited to opinions, analyses, commentaries, forecasts, stock picks, and investment strategies, is for informational and educational purposes only and should not be interpreted as financial or investment advice.
A Place Called Home, Toberman Center, Childrens Hospital of Orange County, Second Story in Dunn Loring, UCLA FoundationTop RIA Firms: 2020-2024Signature Estate & Investment Advisors, LLC (SEIA) is an SEC-registered investment adviser; however, such registration does not imply a certain level of skill or training and no inference to the contrary should be made.
A new list of AI-picked stocks for April IS NOW LIVEPopular AnalysisMore1 Stock to Buy, 1 Stock to Sell This Week: ExxonMobil, NikeWhy Has Gold Struggled Despite War and High Oil Prices?These 10 Blue-Chip Stocks Got Crushed in Q1, Now Offer Big Upside PotentialMoreGet 50% OffSign
Customize QuotesSearch to add your desired assetsCurrently selected:0of0ApplyEUR/USD12:06:12Bid1.1611Ask1.1613L:1.1551H:1.1627+0.0059(+0.51%)GBP/USD12:06:09Bid1.3327Ask1.3328L:1.3220H:1.3338+0.0098(+0.74%)
The following slide deck was published by NovaGold Resources Inc. in conjunction with their 2026 Q1 earnings call.
NovaGold Resources Inc. 2026 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call PresentationSeeking Alpha's transcripts team is responsible for the development of all of our transcript-related projects.
We currently publish thousands of quarterly earnings calls per quarter on our site and are continuing to grow and expand our coverage.
Check out the companies making headlines after the bell : Nike — The athletic apparel stock slipped 2% after its North America revenue came in at $5.03 billion, while analysts surveyed by LSEG had expected $5.04 billion.
However, Nike posted fiscal third-quarter earnings of 35 cents per share and $11.28 billion in revenue.
That exceeded the expected earnings of 28 cents per share and the anticipated $11.24 billion in revenue.
Dave & Buster's Entertainment — Shares rose about 1% after management said the company expects an increase in same-store sales, revenue and adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization during 2026.
Dave & Buster's posted a fourth-quarter adjusted loss of 35 cents per share and revenue of $529.6 million.
Analysts polled by FactSet had expected a profit of 39 cents per share and $555.9 million in revenue.
PVH — The clothing company, which owns brands Tommy Hilfiger and Calvin Klein, added 1% after posting fourth-quarter adjusted earnings of $3.82 per share and revenue of $2.51 billion.
Analysts had expected earnings of $3.31 per share and $2.43 billion in revenue, according to FactSet.
RH — The home furnishings stock plunged 18%.
RH said it sees full-year revenue growth ranging from 4% to 8%, missing the Street's estimate of 8.8%.
Fourth-quarter adjusted earnings came in at $1.53 per share and revenue was $843 million.
The LSEG consensus forecast had called for earnings of $2.22 per share and revenue of $873 million.
NCino — Shares surged 20% after the cloud-based software company reported first-quarter revenue guidance of $154.5 million to $156.4 million, topping the FactSet consensus of $152.7 million.
Fourth-quarter revenue also surpassed expectations, landing at $149.7 million, versus the $147.9 million analysts had anticipated.
Internal data from Bank of America on credit and debit card spending revealed that from the start of the war through March 21, lower-income households' annual spending growth rate excluding gasoline slowed as higher energy prices took their toll.
The decline was more pronounced in the higher-income cohort.
The survey's director, Joanne Hsu, said in a press release that consumers with stock wealth were "buffeted by both escalating gas prices and volatile financial markets in the wake of the Iran conflict," leading to bigger sentiment declines in these groups.
A surging stock market has helped create a " wealth effect " for high-income households, where they feel more comfortable spending as their assets grow, even as their incomes aren't necessarily rising.
With upper-income consumers disproportionately propping up U.S. consumer spending in recent years, the biggest risk to the economy has been a stock market correction, Goldman Sachs said in a February note .
Theorizing that a weaker market could lead to higher earners pulling back — all while lower-income households still struggle — Goldman U.S. economist Pierfrancesco Mei estimated that a 10% fall in equities could lead to a half a percentage point knock to GDP in 2026.
On Friday , three out of the four major U.S. indexes slipped into correction territory, with the S & P 500 as the outlier.
Pooja Sriram, U.S. economist at Barclays, said the sentiment numbers reveal that higher earners are worried about the economic outlook, but not suffering yet like lower-income households.
And just given the state of balance sheets, the wealth that people have accumulated over the past couple of years, even the 7% to 10% correction doesn't necessarily make them poor by any stretch."
This story has been revised to reflect that Goldman's Pierfrancesco Mei estimated that a 10% fall in equities could lead to a half a percentage point knock to GDP in 2026.
A previous version misstated the magnitude of the potential reduction to GDP.
Quick Read-As Tech Suffers, Tech Founders Lose Money-Middle Class Americans Are Going To Walmart-Walmart’s Shares Have Risen As Shopper Rise-A recent study identified one single habit that doubled Americans’ retirement savings and moved retirement from dream, to reality.
That is even true for groceries, which Americans continue to think are the long-term victims of inflation.
Neil Saunders, managing director and retail analyst at GlobalData, told the TV network, among middle-class people, "They don't like the fact that more and more of their money is absorbed by essentials and the basics of life.
Customers can order online and pick up their orders at the closest location.
They can also order and have their orders delivered quickly.
Walmart is currently the 12th-most-valuable company, with a market cap of $985 billion.
Arguably, as the economy worsens, Walmart’s store traffic could increase.
The conflict between Israel and the United States, and Iran has effectively halted shipping through the Strait of Hormuz and reduced energy production in the Gulf region.
Government bond yields rose sharply in response, with UK 10-year yields increasing 74 basis points and 2-year yields climbing 100 basis points from pre-conflict levels.
The moves were amplified by hedge fund deleveraging, predominantly at the short end of the yield curve.
The Committee maintained the UK countercyclical capital buffer rate at 2%, judging that the banking system has capacity to support households and businesses even if conditions deteriorate substantially.
The Committee noted that investor sentiment relating to private credit had worsened before the conflict started, reflecting concerns around asset quality, valuations and liquidity.
Milestone Scientific Inc. (MLSS) Q4 2025 Earnings Call April 1, 2026 8:30 AM EDTCompany ParticipantsEric Hines - Chief Executive Officer, President & DirectorKeisha Harcum - Vice President of FinanceConference Call ParticipantsJames CarbonaraBruce Jackson - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research DivisionAnthony Vendetti - Maxim Group LLC, Research DivisionPresentationOperatorGood day, everyone.
Please refer to our earnings press release as well as our filings with the SEC, including our 2025 Form 10-K for a discussion of these risks.
I found an organization where spending wasn't always tied to revenue generation or clear ROI.
Axe Compute Inc. (AGPU) Q4 2025 Earnings Call April 1, 2026 8:30 AM EDTCompany ParticipantsJoshua Blacher - Chief Financial OfficerChristopher Miglino - Chief Executive Officer & DirectorKyle OkamotoPresentationJoshua BlacherChief Financial OfficerGood morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today for Axe Compute's Fiscal Year 2025 Investor Presentation.
Our common stock trades on NASDAQ under ticker symbol AGPU.
In September of 2025, we launched our Strategic Compute Reserve, our GPU capacity platform.
By December, we initiated a strategic expansion into AI infrastructure and rebranded as Axe Compute on NASDAQ.
Together, Zhu and Dirks bring more than 4 decades of combined experience spanning semiconductor innovation, large-scale telecommunication transformation, international M&A and enterprise digitization.
The U.S. budget deficit surpassed $1 trillion for the fiscal year through February but was sharply lower than the same period a year earlier, Treasury Department data showed Wednesday.
For the fiscal year to date, the deficit totaled $1.004 trillion, about 12% lower than the comparable period in 2025, as government revenues rose faster than spending.
Helping narrow the gap was a sharp increase in tariff collections.
Customs duties totaled $151 billion through the first five months of the fiscal year, up about $113 billion, or 294%, from a year earlier.
Economists say that could reflect duties collected earlier still being processed, a possible surge in imports ahead of the ruling, and lingering questions over whether and to what extent the U.S. will need to issue refunds on tariffs already collected.
Moreover, Trump has imposed additional tariffs since the decision that could continue to boost customs revenue.
Corporate tax revenue also declined sharply, falling $27 billion, or 17%, from a year earlier.
For the fiscal year to date, tariff revenues have actually exceeded corporate tax receipts, an unusual shift.
Net interest payments on the nearly $39 trillion national debt totaled $79 billion in February, more than any category except Social Security, income security — which includes programs such as unemployment insurance, housing assistance and food aid — and health care.
While outlining the CFTC’s core priority areas, the enforcement director noted the era of so-called regulation by enforcement is over - referring to a criticism of regulators under the prior Democratic administration.
Such benefits would even apply if there was a confidential government investigation already underway.
The karaoke company, the penny stock investor and the $17bn trucking routJoin FT EditOnly €54 a yearGet 2 months free with an annual subscription at was €65.88 now €54.
He guides Chevy Chase Trust’s new business development process and is responsi...$3mAccount MinimumHigh Net Worth, Ultrahigh Net Worth, Endowments, Foundations, InstitutionsClient BaseExecutive Services/Equity CompensationAdvice for executives in managing the assets in their corporate equity compensation plans.
Jeff Whitaker, President & Chief Executive OfficerLawrence P. Fisher II, President of Family Wealth ServicesAmy P. Raskin, Chief Investment OfficerStacy C. Murchison, Chief Marketing OfficerDeborah G. Gandy, Senior Managing Director, Wealth Advisor & Relationship ManagerCraig Pernick, Head of Fixed IncomeMichael Gildenhorn, Director of Portfolio ManagementLeslie K. Smith, Senior AdvisorChristine Wallace, Senior Portfolio ManagerEdward B. Dobranetski, Senior Portfolio ManagerThis "Community Involvement" section is provided by Marc K. Wishkoff.
Barring minor exceptions, most notably in the fourth quarter of 2012, this has hovered around or below the 1 million shares mark.
Since the second quarter of 2014, the number of Apple shares owned by Tudor has stayed well below the 1 million mark.
Latest filings, submitted at the end of the fourth quarter of 2025, show that the fund owns 633,000 shares in the company, up close to 9% compared to filings for the previous quarter.READ MORE: 33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years.
Following strong initial sales of the iPhone 17 in late 2025, institutional investors expect the full rollout of Apple Intelligence to force a massive upgrade wave.
The Apple Services story also continues to be the primary driver for institutional valuation expansion.
In its record-breaking Q1 2026 earnings, Apple’s Services revenue hit nearly $30 billion, representing 14% year-over-year growth.
Merit Financial Advisors is a national wealth management firm with $19.94 billion* in assets that supports advisors affiliated with independent broker-dealers, as well as those who are registered investment advisors.
Our mi...23,259Client Households$250kAccount Minimum$1.5mMedian Account SizeRetail, High Net WorthClient Base$7mMedian Net WorthRick Kent , CEOKay Lynn Mayhue , PresidentTop RIA Firms: 2023-2024Investment advice offered through Merit Financial Group, LLC, an SEC registered investment adviser.
If your instant message requires immediate attention, fine.
Trump says Iranian "president" has asked U.S. for ceasefireInvesting.com -- Goldman Sachs is pushing back on market pricing for Federal Reserve rate hikes, arguing that traders are overestimating the risk that rising oil prices will force the central bank to tighten policy.
Since the start of the Iran war, markets have moved to price roughly a 45% chance the Fed will hike in 2026, up from 12% before the conflict began.
Goldman analyst Manuel Abecasis believes the figure overstates the risk, pointing to four reasons hikes remain unlikely.
Goldman argues the current supply shock is "smaller and narrower" than those that triggered inflation problems in the past, noting that the economy is less oil-dependent than in the 1970s and that disruptions are more contained than during the 2021-2022 supply-chain crisis.
The labor market is softening, wage growth is running below the pace consistent with 2% inflation, and inflation expectations remain anchored.
These are conditions that Goldman says make large spillovers to core inflation unlikely.
Goldman further noted that the federal funds rate is already 50 to 75 basis points above the Fed's own estimate of the neutral rate, and that financial conditions have tightened by nearly 80 basis points since the conflict began.
The bank also found no meaningful historical relationship between oil price shocks and tighter Fed policy.
"Our probability-weighted Fed forecast remains meaningfully more dovish than market pricing," Abecasis wrote.
Seventy2 Capital is a client-focused, growth-oriented wealth management practice dedicated to achieving client goals.
10,564Client Householdsno minimumAccount MinimumRetail, High Net Worth, Ultrahigh Net Worth, Endowments, Foundations, InstitutionsClient Base$5mTypical Net Worth$2.5mTypical Account SizeExecutive Services/Equity CompensationAdvice for executives in managing the assets in their corporate equity compensation plans.
With token emissions outpacing demand and competition heating up across L2s and altchains, CAKE’s future isn’t as cut and dry.
The platform continues to burn CAKE tokens, upgrade its features and remain a low-fee favorite.
While it’s not moon-bound, the projection assumes a recovery in DEX trading volumes and DeFi user activity.
The high-end estimate assumes increased staking participation, solid token burns offsetting emissions and broader BSC ecosystem growth.
The muted outlook likely reflects market fatigue and the emergence of stronger DEX players on Ethereum rollups and modular chains.
As DeFi infrastructure evolves, users demand more than swaps and syrup pools.
They want real interoperability, advanced order routing and token utility that doesn’t rely solely on inflationary rewards.
If PancakeSwap can adapt by integrating cross-chain functionality, launching unique DeFi tools or improving CAKE’s governance power, it may still outperform some legacy tokens.
CAKE also benefits from a few enduring advantages:- Low transaction fees thanks to BSC’s infrastructure- Frequent token burns aimed at curbing inflation- A well-known brand and user-friendly UI- Continuous updates including prediction markets, gaming integrations and new staking optionsFor investors looking to bet on established DeFi platforms rather than risky, unproven alternatives, CAKE might still be a compelling choice especially at a discount.
Factors That Could Slow PancakeSwap’s GrowthCAKE’s tokenomics are a double-edged sword.
While the project regularly burns a decent chunk of supply, its emissions remain high and rewards are still the primary driver of demand.
Price Prediction MethodologyOur CAKE price forecast through 2030 combines multiple research angles to create a balanced view of its potential.
Aggregate Analyst ForecastsWe aggregated price predictions from trusted platforms like WalletInvestor, CoinCodex and DigitalCoinPrice.
Market Trends & Ecosystem AnalysisWe analyzed on-chain metrics such as user growth, total value locked and DEX trading volume across the Binance ecosystem.
These data points influenced our understanding of PancakeSwap’s current standing and future outlook.
Rising interest rates, tightening regulations or waning investor appetite for risk assets could hurt CAKE’s performance regardless of what’s happening on-chain.
Conversely, a renewed bull market or a DeFi resurgence could breathe new life into the token.
This forecast reflects a potential recovery in DeFi trading volumes and token staking activity.
Without innovation beyond yield farming, CAKE risks fading against faster, more advanced competitors.
What is CAKE’s all-time high?CAKE’s all-time high is known to be $44.18, reached in April 2021.
The company has featured in the 13F portfolio of Tudor Investment Corp for many years, first making an appearance in the portfolio way back in early 2011.
Back then, the position comprised just over 5,000 shares.
Till the first quarter of 2025, this holding remained under 125,000 shares.
In the first quarter of 2025, the fund upped the stake to more than 350,000 shares.
Latest filings, submitted at the end of the fourth quarter of 2025, show that the fund owned 1.5 million shares in the company, up 115% compared to filings for the previous quarter.READ MORE: 33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years.
Hedge funds view the firm as the best-positioned operator to capture this higher quality revenue stream.
While Macau provides the volume, Marina Bay Sands in Singapore is the company’s cash cow, currently undergoing a massive $4.5 billion expansion.
Hedge funds are targeting the 2026-2027 completion of the fourth tower at MBS, which will add high-end hotel inventory and luxury retail space.
Performance Top Indicators All Indicators Name % Performance Current Year 4.53 Performance since Inception 251.29 High 1 Year 106.98 Maximum Loss 1 Year -0.75 Name %
Alpha 1 Year -3.97 Alpha 3 Years -0.70 Alpha 5 Years -0.33 Average Gain 1 Year 5.78 Average Gain 3 Years 4.75 Average Gain 5 Years 4.53 Average Loss 1 Year -0.75 Average Loss 3 Years -1.56 Average Loss 5 Years -2.35 Batting Average 1 Year 8.33 Batting Average 3 Years 8.33 Batting Average 5 Years 8.33
Nickel inventory atWelcome to the nickel miners news for March.
Nickel inventory atAnalystâs Disclosure: I/we have a beneficial long position in the shares of BHP GROUP
[ASX:CTM] either through stock ownership, options, or other derivatives.
In 2022, when the S&P 500 Index fell around 18% and the Bloomberg U.S. Aggregate Bond Index was down about 13%, managed future strategies were up 20%.
"That's meaningful outperformance in an environment when stocks and bonds are under pressure," Nate Geraci, NovaDius president, said on CNBC's "ETF Edge" earlier this week.
Andrew Beer, managing member at DBi, which manages the largest managed futures ETF, the iMGP DBi Managed Futures Strategy ETF (DBMF), said on "ETF Edge" that the uncertainty around inflation and interest rates, and the volatile geopolitical backdrop, are a good match for the managed futures approach, which can take long or short positions and have the flexibility to respond to different trends across the markets.
Managed futures ETFs remain a relatively small category, collectively holding around $6.5 billion in assets, according to ETFAction.com.
Within that space, the iMGP DBi Managed Futures Strategy ETF has attracted about $1 billion in flows this year.
"Certainly, the [ETF] industry is going to be launching additional managed futures products along with other hedge funds strategies," Geraci said during the podcast portion of "ETF Edge."Geraci said one clear signal that this approach is likely to see more interest from retail investors is three of the biggest asset managers getting into the space with their own branded managed futures ETFs: BlackRock, Invesco and Fidelity Investments.
"They all entered the market in the past year and that is a sign of real investor demand going forward," Geraci said.
Still, managed future ETFs remain more complex than regular stock and bond investments, and investors need to understand that while their performance can beat stocks and bonds during periods of market stress and volatility, they can also lag.
Beer said investors can think of an allocation to this type of strategy being in the range of 3% to 5% of an overall market portfolio diversification approach, "just sitting there alongside hard assets or infrastructure.""I think we all have the same goal: we want our investors to be able to grow their assets, but sleep at night," he said.
Bolainez has tried to avoid shorter rides to ensure he's turning a profit as a result.
In a Facebook group, he shares tips from his years driving for a living to help others navigate this shift.
Because these gig-economy jobs typically require a car, the workers are acutely feeling the impacts of the rapid surge in oil prices.
Prices last week recorded their biggest three-day increase since Hurricane Katrina ravaged New Orleans more than two decades ago, Bespoke Investment Group found.
This month, gas has seen its steepest 10-day spike on record, according to Kevin Gordon of the Schwab Center for Financial Research.
Adrian Mussio, a food courier on platforms like DoorDash and Uber Eats, is similarly doing mental calculations to ensure she's making the most profit on trips.
If prices don't retreat soon, some gig workers are making plans to — or hoping the companies they independently contract for — implement significant policy changes.
A DoorDash spokesperson told CNBC that the food delivery platform offers a suite of discounts for drivers.
Car parts may also be more expensive due to President Donald Trump's tariff policy on many imports, she said.
On top of that, drivers using apps for work don't have the same ability to individually raise rates as other contractors when costs increase, according to Lindsey Cameron, an assistant professor of management at the University of Pennsylvania.
Diesel prices have skyrocketed more than 35% in 2026, outpacing unleaded gas' 26% increase over the same period, according to a CNBC analysis of AAA data.
Qualitative factors include, but are not limited to, compliance record and philanthropic work.
Micron Technology (MU) stock surged to the $370 level Wednesday morning, rebounding from a brutal 14.55% one-week selloff triggered by Google’s TurboQuant memory-compression fears.
The chipmaker’s HBM4 memory is in mass production for NVIDIA’s (NVDA) Vera Rubin platform.
Micron Technology (NASDAQ:MU) shares are up 9% in Wednesday morning trading, climbing from an opening price of $337.84 to around $370.
The bounce follows a brutal stretch in which MU shares had declined 14.55% over the past week, dragged lower by fears surrounding Google's TurboQuant memory-compression algorithm.
Today's rally signals that investors may be reassessing whether that selloff went too far.
The previous one-week decline pushed MU shares well below analyst consensus targets, creating what looks like a valuation gap that the market is beginning to close.
With today's rally, however, MU stock is now up 27% year-to-date.
It could actually accelerate new memory demand by enabling AI deployment on previously memory-constrained edge devices.
Reason 2: HBM and AI Memory Demand Remain Structurally IntactMicron's HBM capacity is sold out for all of 2026, a clear signal that near-term demand remains structurally intact.
Vera Rubin platform, is in mass production, and the AI chip market is projected to grow from $102.89 billion in 2025 to $1,354.35 billion by 2035.
Applied Materials (NASDAQ:AMAT) recently deepened its R&D partnership with Micron to advance next-generation DRAM and HBM solutions, a clear vote of confidence in Micron's long-term technology roadmap.
Applied Materials stock itself rose 4.1% yesterday on strong results, underscoring that the semiconductor supply chain remains healthy.
Micron's Q2 FY2026 NAND revenues surged 169% year-over-year to $5 billion, driven by enterprise SSD demand from AI data centers.
Reason 3: Valuation Has Pulled Back to Levels Analysts Find AttractiveAfter a 14.55% one-week decline and a 18.04% one-month drop (prior to today's rally), MU shares continue to trade below where analysts think they belong.
The consensus analyst price target sits at $466.75, and J.P. Morgan maintains a Buy rating with a $550 price target from analyst Harlan Sur.
DRAM prices are expected to rise 50% or more in Q2 2026, and Micron's own forward guidance supports the bull case.
Q3 FY2026 revenue guidance comes in at $4.4 billion to $4.8 billion, with gross margins guided at 65% to 67%.
Furthermore, Micron raised its quarterly dividend by 30% to $0.15 per share, a signal of management's confidence in the company's financial position, per the Q2 FY2026 earnings report.
The TurboQuant overhang hasn't fully cleared, and the 30-day sentiment trend for Micron stock remains down 18.91 points.
That said, Micron's fundamentals, from sold-out HBM capacity to record Q1 FY2026 revenue of $13.643 billion and operating income of $6.136 billion, argue that the prior selloff was a sentiment-driven event, not a structural one.
Today, watch for whether MU stock can hold above $365 into the close.
Senior VP - Wealth Management, Portfolio ManagerMerrill Lynch180Client Households$500kAccount Minimum$2mTypical Account SizeRetail, High Net Worth, Ultra High Net Worth, Small BusinessClient Base$5mTypical Net WorthTrading individual securitiesAdvice on trading and purchasing individual securities, such as stocks, mutual funds, Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs), bonds and other fixed-income instruments.
High 1 Year 49.11 Maximum Loss 1 Year -61.93
Name % Alpha 1 Year 194.67 Alpha 10 Years 42.09 Alpha 3 Years 77.36 Alpha 5 Years 70.64 Average Gain 1 Year 24.64 Average Gain 10 Years 22.23 Average Gain 3 Years 25.35 Average Gain 5 Years 30.44 Average Loss 1 Year -26.73
Average Loss 3 Years -22.75 Average Loss 5 Years -27.14
High 1 Year 49.11 Information Ratio 1 Year -0.19 Information Ratio 10 Years -0.32 Information Ratio 3 Years -0.11 Information Ratio 5 Years -0.38 Low 1 Year 13.63 Maximum Loss 1 Year -61.93 Maximum Loss 10 Years -99.34 Maximum Loss 3 Years -83.13 Maximum Loss 5 Years -98.63
- Berkshire has made more than $100 billion pre-tax from Apple stock.
Investing legend Warren Buffett wants to come clean: He started trimming Berkshire Hathaway's Apple stake too early, a call that cost the firm billions in stock upside.
Berkshire started buying Apple shares in 2016, and its position eventually swell to more than $170 billion at its peak in 2023.
The chart below shows that Apple shares continued to climb in the period following Berkshire's first sales in the fourth quarter of 2023:Despite the paring, Apple remains Berkshire's biggest holding, carrying a roughly $62 billion market value.
The firm has made more than $100 billion in pre-tax gains to date from owning the stock.
With the Cboe Volatility Index (VIX) recently at 30.61 and up 27.7% over the past six weeks, market stress is building in ways Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE: BRK-B) watchers should note.
Berkshire's market cap stands at over $1 trillion, giving it firepower to move decisively when quality companies trade at discounted prices.
They are ranked from least to most likely to land in Berkshire's portfolio after the next meaningful correction.
This infographic details five potential stock targets for Berkshire Hathaway, ranked by likelihood, after a market correction, as of April 1, 2026, highlighting key financial data and market indicators.
Berkshire already purchased Dominion's pipeline assets in 2020, demonstrating prior appetite for this business.
The regulated model delivers predictable cash flows, though the 10-year Treasury at 4.35% makes Dominion's 4.1% dividend yield less compelling than in a lower-rate environment.
The data center buildout in Northern Virginia provides a genuine growth tailwind, with the Contracted Energy segment delivering $165 million in Q3 2025 versus $83 million in the prior year.
However, only 15% of analysts rate the stock bullish, the Coastal Virginia Offshore Wind project carries execution risk, and balance sheet complexity reduces the fit versus simpler Berkshire targets.
A sharp correction would need to compress valuation meaningfully before the risk-reward ranks higher.
4. GATXGATX (NYSE: GATX) leases railcars and engines, generating predictable, long-duration cash flows from hard assets.
The business is executing well: Q4 2025 fleet utilization reached 99.0% in Rail North America, and GATX closed a $4.2 billion acquisition of roughly 101,000 railcars from Wells Fargo in January 2026.
The company has paid dividends for 108 consecutive years and recently joined the S&P 400 Dividend Aristocrats.
All four covering analysts rate it a Buy, with a consensus target of $215.50.
The constraint is size: at a $6.1 billion market cap, GATX barely registers for a company of Berkshire's scale.
A post-correction discount could change that calculus, but the deal would need creative structuring to matter.
Mastercard's financials are exceptional: FY2025 revenue reached $32.79 billion, up 16.42% year over year, with operating cash flow of $17.65 billion against capex of only $489 million.
At a $445.9 billion market cap and a trailing PE of 30x, a full acquisition would be unprecedented in Berkshire's history.
A significant market correction could open the door to a much larger equity stake.
Across seven diversified industrial segments, ITW generates operating margins of 26.5% in Q4 2025 and has grown its dividend for 62 consecutive years.
FY2025 free cash flow reached $2.71 billion at 88% conversion, and management guided for FY2026 EPS of $11.00 to $11.40 with buybacks of roughly $1.5 billion planned.
The stock trades at $260.29, down 9.9% over the past month, already showing correction pressure.
A deeper pullback toward the 52-week low of $214.66 would bring valuation into a range that makes a Berkshire move genuinely plausible.
Chubb is the world's largest publicly traded property and casualty insurer, generating FY2025 net income of $10.31 billion, up 11.19% year over year, with a record property and casualty combined ratio of 81.2% in Q4.
Operating cash flow for FY2025 was $12.82 billion.
CEO Evan Greenberg has described the outlook plainly: "anticipate an excellent 2026 with strong growth in operating earnings and double-digit growth in EPS and tangible book value."
The stock trades at a trailing PE of just 13x with a forward PE of 11x, cheap for a franchise of this quality.
A correction pulling Chubb back toward its 52-week low of $264.10 would almost certainly accelerate Berkshire's buying.
The Correction PlaybookEach company offers a different version of what Berkshire values most: durable competitive advantages, honest management, and reliably compounding cash flows.
Mastercard and Illinois Tool Works are premium compounders where valuation is the primary barrier.
The VIX at its 95.7th percentile over the past year suggests the correction that creates these opportunities may arrive sooner than many investors expect.
On a personal level, I am not a fan of the for-profit education space.
And with some companies, the growth rate is undeniably impressive.
One goodLaureate Education Teaches What Value IsSummary- Laureate Education is a leading for-profit education provider in Mexico and Peru, showing robust organic growth and operational expansion.- Revenue grew from $1.48 billion in 2023 to $1.70 billion in 2025, with net income nearly tripling and strong cash flow improvements.- Management guides for 2026 revenue of $1.89â$1.91 billion and EBITDA of $583â$593 million, with enrollment expected to grow 4.2% year over year.
- I rate LAUR a "Buy" due to its attractive valuation, demographic tailwinds, and resilient long-term growth prospects despite short-term margin fluctuations.
Members of Crude Value Insights get exclusive ideas and guidance to navigate any climate.
I/we have no stock, option or similar derivative position in any of the companies mentioned, and no plans to initiate any such positions within the next 72 hours.
In its fourth-quarter 2025 investor letter, Artisan Mid Cap Value Fund highlighted stocks like CDW Corporation (NASDAQ:CDW).
One-month return of CDW Corporation (NASDAQ:CDW) was -3.08%, and its shares lost 26.42% over the past 52 weeks.
CDW Corporation (NASDAQ:CDW) has a market capitalization of $15.756 billion.
Artisan Mid Cap Value Fund stated the following regarding CDW Corporation (NASDAQ:CDW) in its fourth quarter 2025 investor letter:"Portfolio returns in the technology and communication services sectors were hurt by Vontier, CDW Corporation (NASDAQ:CDW) and Pinterest.
CDW is a value-added reseller (VAR) of information technology solutions that we added to the portfolio in April when IT resellers pulled back alongside the broader sector.
While revenue continues to grow at a mid-single-digit rate, investors remain focused on the pace of operating leverage, and little has changed fundamentally since our initial purchase.
Similar worries emerged during the industry’s shift from physical to digital software delivery and later with the rise of software-as-a-service.
CDWbenefits from attractive business economics, with low capital intensity and strong free cash flow generation.
IT spend as the channel has continued to gain share from direct sales over time."
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management President's Club members must meet a number of criteria including performance, conduct and compliance standards, revenue, length of experience and assets under supervision.
UK group blames Middle East conflict and deteriorating outlook for investment cutsThe rural super-prime market is in a deep freeze.
But could bargain hunters, hard-balling buyers and fed-up sellers trigger a thaw?
Although gold has historically been the headlining investment metal, silver, platinum, and palladium are quickly becoming popular portfolio diversifiers.
Learn the risks, growth drivers, and purposesPrecious metals are alternative assets, meaning they react to economic conditions differently from stocks and bonds.
This is good for portfolio diversification, but it can test your risk tolerance if you’re not prepared.
Let’s review the uses, risks, growth drivers, and investment purposes of silver, platinum, and palladium, so you know what to expect before you buy.
Silver is also less liquid than gold, meaning gold is easier to sell for cash.-Growth drivers:
Silver’s value rises with higher industrial demand, supply constraints, and economic uncertainty.-Investment purpose: “Silver provides inflation protection and industrial exposure,” said Eric Croak, president at Croak Capital, a wealth advisor.
Fluctuating industrial demand and a geographically limited supply — primarily from South Africa — contribute to platinum’s unpredictability.
Platinum also has low liquidity relative to gold.-Growth drivers: Industrial demand and emissions regulations influence platinum’s value.-Investment purpose: “Platinum can be a stabilizing play,” Croak said.
Croak sees platinum as a promising “under-the-radar” asset based on its long-term supply outlook and its role in energy transformation.
It's also used as a jewelry metal and in industrial applications, and automotive manufacturers often use platinum and palladium together in catalytic converters.-Risks: Palladium’s value is dependent on automotive demand and is reactive to geopolitical risks.
Relative to platinum, palladium is less liquid and has lower trading volumes.-Growth drivers:
Automotive demand is a key driver, along with electronics manufacturing activity, clean energy innovation, and jewelry demand.-Investment purpose: Croak described palladium as a short-term play “because of its low liquidity and ultra-volatile price action.”
These are highly risky because the out-of-pocket cost is small relative to the metals exposure you gain and how much you can lose.
Comex, a platform for trading futures contracts, defines separate terms for silver (SI=F), platinum (PL=F), and palladium (PA=F) futures.-Mining stocks: Mining stocks tend to rise faster and fall faster than underlying metal prices.
Read more: Silver price volatility: What to know in 2026Physical optionsPhysical options for precious metals include jewelry or bullion in the form of bars and coins.
Define your goal and allocationYour investment goal should guide the key decisions of precious metals investing, including:-Whether you buy one metal or a basket of them-What form your investment should take-How much you allocate to precious metals within your portfolioTwo common investment goals for precious metals are diversification and short-term gains.
DiversificationLong-term investors typically pursue precious metals for diversification and inflation hedging.
This means the metals can appreciate when stock prices are falling, particularly when inflation is the root cause.
These offsetting behaviors, in small doses, can limit overall portfolio volatility.
He advises a 3% to 5% allocation for the trio, primarily as an inflation hedge.
Silver, platinum, and palladium individually are volatile enough to provide short-term gain opportunities.
Silver can provide diversification and inflation protection within a well-structured portfolio.
A small, strategic position in platinum could act as a portfolio stabilizer over the long-term.
You can invest in palladium bullion or opt for digital assets such as ETFs, futures contracts, or mining stocks.
Lamb Weston Holdings, Inc. engages in the production, distribution, and marketing of frozen potato products in the United States, Canada, Mexico, and internationally.
Private Wealth AdvisorAmeriprise Financial689Client Households$250kAccount Minimum$1.5mTypical Account SizeRetail, High Net WorthClient Base$2.5mTypical Net WorthFinancial planningAdvice on investment plans for managing cash flows, reducing liabilities, saving for retirement, etc.
Meta lost two major legal cases concerning child safety this week.
While the financial penalties aren't large relative to the company's size, Meta's losses in court raise questions around Big Tech's role in social media safety and free speech protections on these platforms.
AppLovin – The app marketing company saw shares drop almost 8%.
Shares fell on a report that weakening e-commerce spending trends are hurting AppLovin and that the company hasn't seen sufficient new client momentum to offset churn in the first quarter.
Brown-Forman — Shares of the Jack Daniels owner rose more than 14% after Bloomberg reported that French spirits company Pernod Ricard is considering a bid for Brown-Forman.
Scotts Miracle-Gro — Shares fell more than 4% after the lawn and garden products company was downgraded to neutral from overweight at JPMorgan.
The analyst said "raw material issues are likely to cause some earnings growth uncertainties."
Best Buy — The electronics retailer's stock popped 4% without any specific news driving it.
GameStop CEO Ryan Cohen has signaled he'd like to make an acquisition, and the company disclosed in its 10-k filing that it has set aside $700 million in collateral tied to an unspecified derivative position.
Analysts polled by FactSet expected a profit of 55 cents per share.
The company's full-year earnings guidance also topped analyst estimates.
Pony AI — Shares fell 13% after the company outline ambitious robotaxi expansion plans.
The announcement came as it reported its first quarterly profit.
The Chinese autonomous driving firm's revenue fell 18% to $29 million, largely due to the timing of project-based revenue recognition.
Robotaxi revenue more than doubled and management highlighted plans to scale for over 3,000 vehicles and expand globally, which could pressure margins.
Worthington Steel — The steel processing company plunged 15% after posting fiscal third-quarter adjusted earnings of 27 cents per share, marking a decline from the 35 cents per share earned in the year-ago period.
Memory stocks — Shares of memory chipmakers tumbled following the unveiling of Google' s new AI model, which the company said could reduce the amount of memory required to run large language models.
Navan — The travel tech firm soared 27% after guiding for strong revenue for 2027.
Navan expects full-year revenue of between $866 million and $874 million, versus the FactSet consensus estimate of $840.8 million.
The company's fourth-quarter adjusted earnings per share and revenue also topped Wall Street's expectations.
MillerKnoll — The furniture company plummeted almost 23% after posting fiscal third-quarter adjusted earnings of 43 cents on revenue of $926.6 million.
That reflected a year-over-year decline of 2% for adjusted earnings and an increase of 6% for revenue.
Snap — The stock slipped almost 9% after the European Union said it was investigating Snapchat for allegedly not doing enough to prevent child grooming and the sale of illegal goods. —
...660Client Households$1mAccount Minimum$5mTypical Account SizeHigh Net Worth, Ultra High Net WorthClient Base$20mTypical Net WorthFinancial planningAdvice on investment plans for managing cash flows, reducing liabilities, saving for retirement, etc.Trust & estate planningAdvice on future trust and estate planning.
Traders in the futures market pushed the probability of a rate increase by the end of 2026 to 52% on Friday morning, the first time it has crossed the 50% threshold, according to the CME Group FedWatch tool.
The move comes as global benchmark crude prices topped $110, adding to a series of developments this week signaling that inflation pressures may be building as the Iran war drags on and U.S. tariffs raise costs.
Adding to the inflation concerns, the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported Wednesday that import prices jumped 1.3% in February, the largest monthly increase since March 2022, while export prices rose 1.5%, the biggest gain since May 2022.
At the same time, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development sharply raised its forecast for U.S. inflation this year.
The global forecasting agency estimates headline prices to rise at a 4.2% rate, far above its prior forecast and well above Fed expectations for 2.7%.
The concerns about inflation come at the same time as Wall Street economists have boosted probabilities for a recession in the next 12 months.
Moody's Analytics sees the chances for a downturn near 50%, Goldman Sachs raised its forecast this week to 30%, and firms such as EY Parthenon and Wilmington Trust are putting odds at 40% or greater.
The chances for both elevated inflation and an economic pullback place the Fed's dual goals of low inflation and full employment further into tension.
Central bank officials at their March meeting indicated a consensus view of one rate cut this year, but market pricing, while far from a lock for an increase, points to no chance of a reduction.
Instead he noted that uncertainty over tariffs and the jump in oil prices "complicates, at least in the short term, the picture on both sides of our dual mandate of maximum employment and price stability" meaning "downside risk to the labor market and upside risk to inflation."
Market implied odds are overwhelmingly for the Fed to stay on hold, with just a 6.2% probability of a hike.
The mission of Stack Financial Management is to provide “safety-first” investment management for th...853Client Households$750kAccount Minimum$2.4mTypical Account SizeRetail, High Net Worth, Ultra High Net WorthClient Base$5mTypical Net WorthFinancial planningAdvice on investment plans for managing cash flows, reducing liabilities, saving for retirement, etc.Trading individual securitiesAdvice on trading and purchasing individual securities, such as stocks, mutual funds, Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs), bonds and other fixed-income instruments.
Annell Danczyk, Vice President & Sr. Portfolio ManagerZach Jonson, Chief Investment OfficerJoe Laszewski, Sr. Portfolio ManagerThis "Community Involvement" section is provided by James B. Stack.
Custom Truck One Source, Inc. (CTOS) Discusses Updated Segment Reporting Framework and Introduction of New Business Segments April 1, 2026 9:00 AM EDTCompany ParticipantsBrian Perman - Vice President of Investor RelationsRyan McMonagle - CEO & DirectorChristopher Eperjesy - Chief Financial OfficerPresentationOperatorGood morning, everyone, and welcome to Custom Truck One Source's business resegmentation webinar.
I would now like to turn the call over to Brian Perman, Vice President, Investor Relations.
For a discussion of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the company's filings with the SEC.
Additionally, please note that you can find reconciliations of the historical non-GAAP financial measures discussed during the call in our quarterly earnings press releases and investor presentations.
Those as well as the slides being used for this webinar are posted on the Events and Presentations page of our Investor Relations website.
As we talked about on our earnings call for Q4, we are moving to 2 reportable segments.
Higher prices on car repairs and medical treatments increase what car insurance companies pay to resolve claims.
Learn more: Cheapest car insurance companiesHow inflation pushes car insurance rates higherInflation is the gradual rise in prices across an economy.
Technician labor shortageThe labor portion of repair costs is also on the rise, due to an ongoing shortage of skilled mechanics.
Higher values for used carsWhen used cars command higher prices, auto insurance companies must fund bigger total-loss payouts.
The Manheim Used Vehicle Value Index, considered a leading indicator for used-car inflation, spiked in 2021 and has remained elevated since.
Inefficient supply chainsThe automotive industry has been plagued by supply chain issues for years.
According to Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) data, the cost of car insurance increased more than twice as fast as general inflation between 2020 and 2025.
As you can see in the comparison below, auto insurance inflation outpaced general inflation most dramatically in 2022, 2023, and 2024.
But Nadrich believes lower-income drivers in urban areas may feel the most pressure when insurance premiums rise.Low-income drivers“When inflation causes premiums to increase, these low-income drivers have the least options to cut costs without sacrificing important coverage,” Nadrich said.
Learn more: How much does car insurance increase after an accident?
How have insurance companies responded to inflation“Insurers know rate increases alone aren’t sustainable,” said Jeremy Jawish, CEO of insurance tech company Shift Technology.
That’s one reason why, Jawish explained, insurance companies are turning their focus to “operational efficiency and loss control.”
Strategies under this umbrella include:-Investing in technology to detect fraud, automate simpler claims, and identify high-risk claims faster.-Tighter underwriting practices are becoming commonplace as insurance companies use technology and data to improve how they identify and price risk.-Exiting high-risk markets: When regulatory rate caps limit premium increases, insurance companies may decide to leave the state entirely.
Learn more: Best car insurance companiesHow to keep car insurance costs lowYou can’t control inflation, but you can take steps to manage your auto insurance premiums.
Your safe driving habits could offset other risk flags on your application.-Drop unnecessary coverage on older cars: You may not need collision and comprehensive insurance on your older vehicles.
In those states, a better credit rating could mean a lower insurance bill.
2026 outlook for auto insurance ratesAccording to four experts, auto insurance rates will continue to rise in 2026, but probably not at the levels experienced in 2023 and 2024.
Learn more: Cheapest car insurance for teensKeeping pace with auto insurance inflationInflation and other factors have driven auto insurance rates higher.
Managing Director, Senior Resident Director - Wealth Management Advisor, Portfolio Manager, Retirement Benefits ConsultantMerrill Wealth Management817Client Households$750kAccount Minimum$2.8mTypical Account SizeHigh Net Worth, Ultra High Net Worth, Small Business, Small BusinessClient Base$4.3mTypical Net WorthTrust & estate planningAdvice on future trust and estate planning.
J.P. Morgan Wealth Management620Client Households$2.5mAccount MinimumHigh Net Worth, Ultrahigh Net Worth, Endowments, Foundations, InstitutionsClient Base$12.5mTypical Net Worth$5mTypical Account SizeFinancial PlanningAdvice on investment plans for managing cash flows, reducing liabilities, saving for retirement, etc.InsuranceFinancial planning through various insurance products, including income-generating annuities instruments.
Wider discounts on U.S. crude oil compared to global benchmark Brent crude have spurred demand for tankers in the U.S. Gulf Coast, reducing vessel availability in the region, said Aristidis Alafouzos, chief executive officer of Okeanis ECO Tankers.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude futures for June delivery were trading at an over $10 discount to June Brent futures on Wednesday.
"The resulting surge in freight rates is unprecedented, with Suezmaxes and Aframaxes earning upwards of $300,000, compared to an average $60,000 over the past five months," Alafouzos said.
POTENTIAL COST TO CONSUMERSSkyrocketing freight rates increase the cost of moving oil and fuel around the world, which analysts fear could hit economic activity as the prices get passed on to consumers via the cost of everyday goods.
Since the end of January, Suezmax tanker availability along the U.S. Gulf Coast has dropped by roughly 40-45%, while Aframax supply has dropped around 70% from a mid-February peak, said Maria Bertzeletou, senior market analyst at The Signal Group.
The movement of cargoes from the West to the East, starting with VLCCs to Asia and then smaller sizes catering to European demand, gave birth to an unprecedented surge in freight rates, said Matias Togni, oil and shipping analyst at NextBarrel.
NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) has featured in the 13F portfolio of Tudor Investment Corp for more than a decade and a half.
For a long period, this holding comprised over a million shares.
Latest filings, submitted at the end of the fourth quarter of 2025, show that the fund owned 2.1 million shares in the company, representing an increase of more than 80% compared to filings for the third quarter of 2025.READ NEXT: 33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years.
Posonskyi Andrey/Shutterstock.comNVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) is one of the most popular stocks in the hedge fund universe.
The Rubin platform, which entered full production in early 2026, offers up to 10x more inference throughput per watt compared to the previous generation.
CEO Jensen Huang recently projected that the combination of Blackwell and Rubin chips will generate $1 trillion in cumulative revenue through 2027.
Strategists cite improving investor sentiment, notable market rotations, and their own earnings sensitivity work as reasons to move back to a bullish stance.
For investors looking to buy the dip, Morgan Stanley prefers Banks, Semiconductors, Precious Metals equities, and AI capital expenditure-related cyclicals.
The firm is already overweight Banks and Semis, and notes that Banks have historically outperformed following a peak in energy prices during geopolitical escalation periods, as investor focus moves to the earnings impact of higher inflation and bond yields.
On the earnings outlook, the bank sees a higher-for-longer oil price scenario — provided it stops short of triggering a recession — as a sweet spot for European corporate profits.
A theoretical $90 per barrel Brent average for 2026 would imply around 10% MSCI Europe EPS growth, though the bank notes that roughly 90% of that gain would be driven by the Energy sector, with ex-Energy growth running at a more modest 1%.
Despite geopolitical noise dominating investor attention, Morgan Stanley expects markets to ultimately refocus on AI acceleration and disruption themes as the Middle East situation stabilizes.
For our clients, that means we can advise on their assets no matter where they are held and source appropriate investments to best meet their goals.
Donald Trump says US could withdraw from Iran ‘whether we have a deal or not’Subscribe to unlock this articleTry unlimited accessOnly €1 for 4 weeksThen €69 per month.
As interest rates continue to fall following the Fed’s recent rate cuts, it’s more important than ever to ensure you’re earning a competitive rate on your savings.
The national average interest rate for money market accounts is just 0.56%, according to the FDIC, but the top money market account rates pay 3.5%-4% APY — similar to the rates offered on high-yield savings accounts.
This is an interest rate range set by the Federal Reserve and is what banks charge each other for overnight loans.
When the Fed increases the federal funds rate, deposit account rates usually increase.
And conversely, when the Fed lowers its rate, deposit rates fall.
Between July 2023 and September 2024, the Fed maintained a target range of 5.25%–5.50%.
However, as inflation cooled and the economy improved, the Fed slashed the federal funds rate multiple times.
As a result, money market rates began to decline.
Rates are expected to continue declining after the Fed's three latest rate cuts in 2025, which means now might be the last chance for savers to take advantage of today’s higher rates.
Given that interest rates are still elevated, now could be a good time to consider a money market account, especially if you’re seeking a balance of safety, liquidity, and better returns than traditional savings accounts.
In today's falling interest rate environment, it's quite difficult to find a deposit account that pays 5%.
Novo Nordisk: I Admit That I Was Really Wrong (Downgrade)
Summary- I regrettably downgrade Novo Nordisk to Hold as competitive and execution challenges completely eroded its valuation premium and throttled investor confidence.- NVO's weak REDEFINE 4 trial results and price competition from Eli Lilly and generics threaten its market share and pricing power substantially.
It is becoming a commoditized price war.- Despite solid profitability and a robust balance sheet, I see NVO relegated to a 'show me' status until it can demonstrate pipeline-driven recovery.
Members of Ultimate Growth Investing get exclusive ideas and guidance to navigate any climate.
"The 95-year-old investor has long warned that the spread of nuclear capabilities increases the likelihood of a worst-case scenario.
This consultative approach results in a comprehensive wealth mana...884Client Households$1mAccount MinimumHigh Net Worth, Ultrahigh Net Worth, InstitutionsClient Base$10mTypical Net Worth$5mTypical Account SizeExecutive Services/Equity CompensationAdvice for executives in managing the assets in their corporate equity compensation plans.
Carl Cafaro, Managing DirectorJonathan Greer, Managing DirectorNick Cafaro, Senior Vice PresidentErik Morland, Senior Vice PresidentSteve Vacher, Senior Vice PresidentLaura Derderian, Senior ConsultantRobert Chiacchio, Vice PresidentAlbert Crimaldi, Assistant Vice PresidentBrian Rossano, Managing DirectorTop Private Wealth Management Teams: 2022-2024DisclosureInvesting involves risk, including loss of principal.
Qualitative and quantitative calculations include client assets, return on assets, client satisfaction/retention, compliance history and community involvement plus other considerations.
Barron’s does not receive compensation from anyone for rankings and are not considered a guarantee of any future investment success and should not be considered an endorsement.
MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, registered investment adviser, Member SIPC and a wholly owned subsidiary of BofA Corp.Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc. (“MLLA”) is a licensed insurance agency and a wholly owned subsidiary of BofA Corp.Banking, mortgage and home equity products are offered by Bank of America, N.A., and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of BofA Corp.
Please try another searchInvesting.com – France stocks were higher after the close on Friday, as gains in the Technology, Consumer Goods and Oil & Gas sectors led shares higher.
At the close in Paris, the...Investing.com – France stocks were lower after the close on Thursday, as losses in the Consumer Goods, Basic Materials and Consumer Services sectors led shares lower.
At the close...Investing.com – France stocks were lower after the close on Wednesday, as losses in the Industrials, Technology and Technology Hardware & Equipment sectors led shares lower.
At...Asia Market Wrap - Sentiment Mixed Following US/EU Deal
The record-breaking run in US markets is likely to continue after the EU reached a trade deal with Trump, easing fears of a...European Open European stocks rose on Friday, heading for small weekly gains, as investors focused on corporate earnings to assess the impact of US tariffs on businesses.
As President of the firm, Walter leads the execution of the overall daily operations and is responsible for executing the company’s business plan with an emphasis on integrity and compliance.
Since he joined the firm in 1996, the independent, fee-only Registered Investment Advisor (RIA) has grown from m...968Client Households$1mAccount Minimum$1.5mTypical Account SizeRetail, High Net Worth, Ultra High Net WorthClient Base$3mTypical Net WorthFinancial planningAdvice on investment plans for managing cash flows, reducing liabilities, saving for retirement, etc.Trust & estate planningAdvice on future trust and estate planning.
ANY QUESTIONS: JNBA’s Chief Compliance Officer remains available to address any questions regarding rankings and/or recognitions, including the criteria used for any reflected ranking.
In order to get the highest interest rate possible on your savings, it’s important to do your research and find competitive offers.
The average interest rate on a traditional savings account is only 0.39%, according to the FDIC.
This was largely due to the 2008 financial crisis and the Federal Reserve’s decision to lower its target rate to near zero in order to spur economic growth.
From 2015 to 2018, interest rates began to increase gradually.
Then the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 led to another sharp decrease in rates as the Fed once again cut rates to stimulate the economy.
Since then, savings account rates have recovered considerably, largely driven by the Fed's interest rate hikes in response to skyrocketing inflation.
However, the Fed finally lowered the federal funds rate toward the end of 2024 and throughout 2025.
Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) and Marvell Technology, Inc. (MRVL) announced a major strategic partnership on March 31, 2026, which will also result in Nvidia making a $2.0B equity investment in the AI infrastructure company asNvidia And Marvell: A Match Made In HeavenSummary- Nvidia Corporation and Marvell Technology, Inc. announced a strategic partnership and a $2.0B equity investment to integrate Marvell's XPUs with Nvidia's NVLink ecosystem.
- NVLink integration enables seamless communication between MRVL's custom chips and Nvidia GPUs, enhancing AI factory performance and supporting both companies' growth trajectories.- NVDA trades at 15.7X forward P/E, below its historical average, despite dominating 90% of the GPU market and projecting 70%+ revenue growth this fiscal year.-
The partnership mitigates risks for both firms, with Marvell gaining access to NVLink Fusion and Nvidia leveraging Marvellâs custom silicon to strengthen its AI infrastructure leadership.
Analystâs Disclosure: I/we have a beneficial long position in the shares of NVDA, MRVL, AMD, AVGO either through stock ownership, options, or other derivatives.
Leon, who runs the trendy wine shop Leon & Son in Brooklyn, has turned to hunting down fine European vintages stashed in American basements, snapping them up and selling them through online auctions.
His story is just one example of how business people and entrepreneurs are having to shake things up in response to Trump’s tariff salvos against trade partners, which have led to higher import levies for products from medicines to booze.
Leon came up with the idea in response to worries about the impact of tariffs on his business, which makes 90% of its revenue from imported wines.
Wines slated for the first auction include Italian labels no longer in production held in a personal collection for years, as well as bottles from a New York restaurant’s cellar linked to old menu pairings they no longer offer.’COME IN AND SHAKE THINGS UP’European wines faced a 15% levy on arrival in the U.S. under an EU-U.S. trade deal implemented in August.
Some other U.S. wine businesses are switching to domestic alternatives or cheaper imported brands as tariff-related price hikes gather pace in 2026, Reuters reported this week.
Vanessa Price, a wine director, restaurateur and author of Big Macs & Burgundy, said newer auction platforms like the one planned by Leon offer a fresh take on the traditional model at large houses like Christie’s and Sotheby’s, which have long offered fine wines via auction.
Whoop hits $10bn valuation as health tracking takes offSubscribe to unlock this articleTry unlimited accessOnly €1 for 4 weeksThen €69 per month.
América Móvil, S.A.B. de C.V. (NYSE:AMX) has consistently featured in the 13F portfolio of Discovery Capital Management since the second quarter of 2023.
Back then, this position comprised only 236,000 shares.
This was increased to almost 5.3 million shares by the second quarter of 2025.
At the end of last year, the fund owned 4.3 million shares in the firm.
The most significant driver for hedge fund interest in the stock this quarter was the company’s Q4 2025 earnings release, which defied conservative estimates.
América Móvil reported that its net profit quadrupled year-over-year in the final quarter of 2025.
Free cash flow surged by approximately 40%, reaching MXN 82 billion.
Hedge funds are betting on the company’s successful shift from lower-margin prepaid users to high-value contract customers.
Surge Copper (SRGXF) provided a corporate update on progress toward the completion of the Pre-Feasibility Study for the Berg Copper Project, upcoming investor events, and the second tranche of the previously announced private placement.
In addition, Surge continues to advance its engagement efforts with First Nations and local communities as the Company advances the Project toward the regulatory environmental assessment process.
The Company also announced that it has entered into a definitive subscription agreement with African Rainbow Minerals (AFBOF) for gross proceeds of $4M. This follows ARM’s notice to exercise its participation right under an investor rights agreement dated May 31, 2024.
End of Quarter Sale - 50% Off TipRanks-Unlock hedge fund-level data and powerful investing tools for smarter, sharper decisions-Discover top-performing stock ideas and upgrade to a portfolio of market leaders with Smart Investor PicksPublished first on TheFly – the ultimate source for real-time, market-moving breaking financial news.
Fusion Media or anyone involved with Fusion Media will not accept any liability for loss or damage as a result of reliance on the information including data, quotes, charts and buy/sell signals contained within this website.
Wealth AdvisorNeuberger Berman295Client Households$5mAccount Minimum$15.7mTypical Account SizeHigh Net Worth, Ultra High Net WorthClient Base$20mTypical Net WorthInstitutional consultingAdvice to institutional clients including: mutual funds, pension funds, endowment funds, insurance companies, banks, and hedge funds.
Series 7, 63, 65Top 1,200 Financial Advisors: 2015 - 2025Top 100 Financial Advisors: 2018, 2021 - 2024Top 100 Independent Advisors: 2019 - 2022Top Private Wealth Management Teams: 2024Top 100 Women Financial Advisors: 2014 - 2024Accolades referenced are issued by independent third-parties and may be based on a wide-range of criteria, which may include assets under management, revenue generated and satisfaction/quality assessments.
Senator Bolsonaro’s more cagey approach so far will face a fresh test as other right-wing parties launch their candidates.
Sources close to Bolsonaro said his campaign has made informal contact with potential advisers including former Treasury Secretary Mansueto Almeida, now at BTG Pactual, and former central bank governor Roberto Campos Neto, now vice chairman at digital bank Nubank.
2025 Polkadot (DOT) Price Prediction2026 Polkadot (DOT) Price Prediction2030 Polkadot (DOT) Price PredictionReasons to Invest in PolkadotPolkadot bridges the gaps between isolated blockchains addressing a limitation of the blockchain ecosystem where the lack of seamless communication between chains inhibits widespread adoption and innovation.
The potential for cross-chain applications where data and assets flow freely between blockchains is a significant driver of investor interest.
The decentralized governance model promotes community-driven innovation and ensures the platform evolves in a way that reflects the interest of its users.
Factors that Could Slow Polkadot’s GrowthThe blockchain space is fiercely competitive with established platforms like Ethereum and emerging alternatives offering similar interoperability solutions that could limit Polkadot’s market share.
Ongoing uncertainty over cryptocurrency regulations adds another layer of risk that could dampen investor and developer enthusiasm.
Polkadot’s success relies on developing and adopting its parachain ecosystem and delays or lack of compelling use cases could slow growth.
Aggregate Analyst ForecastsTo estimate DOT’s future price, we aggregated predictions from several sources:- Wallet Investor- CoinCodex- Changelly- CoinPediaThese forecasts factor in historical price movements, technical analysis and broader market sentiment.
Like most cryptocurrencies, DOT’s price is volatile and influenced by broader market trends, regulatory developments and investor sentiment.
A strong and active community fosters innovation and promotes Polkadot’s growth.
Issues like classifying crypto assets as securities and the taxation of staking rewards are subjects of ongoing legal debate.
Although not a direct lawsuit against Polkadot, legal situations involving crypto staking do.
Central bank policies, especially interest rate adjustments, significantly impact investor risk appetite, with rising rates often diverting capital from assets like DOT.
Inflationary pressures also contribute to market uncertainty, potentially driving some investors toward crypto as a hedge while creating overall volatility.
Based on current projections, DOT reaching $100 appears highly unlikely within the current forecast window.
The highest price prediction by 2030 is just $1.61, reflecting a bearish long-term outlook.
While Polkadot has strong fundamentals and a compelling use case for cross-chain interoperability, it would require an extraordinary surge in adoption and market sentiment to push DOT anywhere near the $100 mark.
In 2025, Polkadot is projected to trade between $3.27 and $4.93, with an average forecast of $4.18.
While modest, this represents a potential increase of over 18% from current levels.
The price growth could be fueled by increased adoption of its parachain architecture and improvements in scalability and developer participation.
The 2030 outlook for Polkadot leans bearish, with price predictions ranging from $1.05 to a high of $1.61 and an average of $1.30.
Data compiled by NAPA based on self-reported assets under advisement as of Dec 31 of the year prior to year the award was given.
This has been attributable to:Analyst’s Disclosure: I/we have a beneficial long position in the shares of META either through stock ownership, options, or other derivatives.
In a CNBC interview, Daly did not commit to a position on interest rates, but said a softening labor market combined with inflation still running above the central bank's 2% target complicate future decisions.
"The Bureau of Labor Statistics on Friday reported that nonfarm payrolls declined by 92,000 in February, against expectations for a gain of 50,000 and third jobs decrease in the past five months.
With concerns rising about the labor market, the Fed cut its benchmark interest rate three times in the latter part of 2025 and has taken a more cautious approach since then with inflation still above target and threatened by the Iran war.
"It's a very different universe than when we have inflation below our target," said Daly, referencing the cuts in 2019 when prices were tame.
"But right now we have inflation printing above target.
Raymond JamesThis "About" section is provided by The Wise Investor Group.
That’s why the whole point of our practice is personalizing a financial plan that fits you like a custom suit, not just some off-the-rack thing that frankly doesn’...1,431Client Households$4mAccount MinimumRetail, High Net Worth, Ultrahigh Net WorthClient Base$6mTypical Net Worth$2.5mTypical Account SizeExecutive Services/Equity CompensationAdvice for executives in managing the assets in their corporate equity compensation plans.
Chris Aime, Managing Director / Certified Financial Planner™Matthew Anderson, Director / Certified Financial Planner™Chase Hinderstein, Director / Portfolio ManagerDavid Mount, Director / Portfolio ManagerAnn Summerson, Director / Certified Financial Planner™Simon Hamilton, Managing DirectorGregory Smith, Managing Director and Senior Financial PlannerNick Sorden, Director & Portfolio ManagerTop Private Wealth Management Teams: 2024Raymond James financial advisors may only conduct business with residents of the states and/or jurisdictions for which they are properly registered.
Data points that relate to quality of practice include professionals with a minimum of 7 years financial services experience, acceptable compliance records (no criminal U4 issues), client retention reports, charitable and philanthropic work, quality of practice, designations held, offering services beyond investments offered including estates and trusts, and more.
Financial Advisor teams are quantitatively rated based on varying types of revenues produced and assets under management by the financial professional, with weightings associated for each.
Booking Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:BKNG) features on the D. E. Shaw Stock Portfolio: Top 10 Stocks to Buy.
Back then, this stake comprised 4.8 million shares.
D. E. Shaw grew this to 9.7 million shares just before the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, reducing exposure to the travel firm during this time and then buying up the shares again as travel demand rebounded.
In the third quarter of 2020, the fund held just 171,000 shares in the firm but increased this to over 10 million shares by the third quarter of 2021.
Latest filings show that the fund owned 5.5 million shares in the firm, up 66% compared to filings for the previous quarter.
Additionally, generative AI tools used by Booking have already led to a 10% decrease in average cost per booking by automating routine customer inquiries.
The headline move was a surge in oil prices as investors weighed Middle East supply disruptions.- But volatility extended to stocks, bonds, gold, and other assets.
It all started with a surge in oil prices — a move that set off a domino chain in markets as traders panicked over the prospect of hotter inflation and a recession hitting the global economy.
Stocks plunged, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the Nasdaq 100 entering correction territory this week.
Safe havens like gold also cratered, while interest rate expectations plummeted.
Brent crude, the international benchmark, rose as high as $117 a barrel on Monday after Trump threatened to attack several of Iran's energy assets, sparking fear that supply disruptions could grow worse over time.
It's now on pace for a more-than-60% increase in March, its biggest monthly rise on record.
Stocks plunged into a correctionThe three benchmark indexes were hit heavily as traders fretted over hotter inflation and a weaker economic backdrop.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average and Nasdaq 100 dropped as much as 10%, meeting the official criteria for a stock correction.
The S&P 500 nearly fell into a correction itself, dropping as much as 9% from its recent highs.
The 10-year yield surged to an 8-month highBond yields climbed as investors repriced their expectations for Fed rate cuts.
With high oil prices threatening to stoke inflation, investors are betting that the Fed has less room to cut rates.
They're also betting that, if inflation remains a problem, the Fed will have to keep interest rates higher for the long-run.
The US dollar surged to a 2026 peakThe US dollar appreciated alongside the increase in rate expectations.
Higher interest rates attract investors to the dollar, as they can earn a higher return by keeping their wealth in cash or dollar-denominated assets.
Gold plummeted from its recordGold was also affected as fears of hotter inflation swept rate cuts off the table in 2022.
Gold loses its appeal to investors when bond yields rise, as investors can nab a higher return by keeping money in interest-bearing assets like Treasury bonds.
Bullion was also overbought at the start of 2026, largely due to retail traders that drove a speculative rally in the metal.
Trump says Iranian "president" has asked U.S. for ceasefireInvesting.com -- European Central Bank Governing Council member Gabriel Makhlouf said Wednesday that a prolonged war in the Middle East could push the euro-area economy toward a worse outcome than the baseline scenario policymakers outlined last month.
The adverse scenario projects inflation peaking at 4.2% late this year, with the economy contracting only in the second quarter.
Slovenian central bank chief Primoz Dolenc told Reuters earlier Wednesday that the ECB’s baseline scenario "appears to be more like a best-case scenario for the future" and that "probably the current adverse scenario is more likely to be our next baseline.
"We have a framework for monitoring how the outlook evolves and a credible commitment to act when data clarifies the direction of travel," he said.
"Data released Tuesday showed inflation in the 21-member euro zone jumped in March by the most since Russia invaded Ukraine in 2022.
Check out the companies making the biggest moves premarket: McCormick — Shares rose more than 3% after Unilever confirmed it was in talks with the spices maker over a potential transaction to merge Unilever Foods with McCormick.
If a deal were to take place, the Unilever news release said, it would involve "an upfront cash component of approximately US$15.7 billion and the majority of the consideration in McCormick equity.
Diageo — The spirits giant climbed nearly 3% after an upgrade to buy from hold at Deutsche Bank.
The bank said "structural and cyclical headwinds" such as weakness in alcohol sales are already priced into the stock.
Amphenol — The maker of system sensors and antennas gained more than 2% following an upgrade to buy from hold at Jefferies.
Analysts at the bank pointed to strong order growth and solid margins for the rating change.
Nike — Shares of the athletic shoe maker rose 1.3% ahead of the company's earnings results set to release Tuesday after the close.
Apellis Pharmaceuticals - Shares doubled, up 138%, after Biogen announced it will acquire the company for $5.6 billion in cash.
Biogen said the deal will enhance its portfolio in immunology and rare disease.
Lilly said in a press release the acquisition would help advance work Centessa is doing on treating excessive daytime sleepiness and other neurological conditions.
Novo Nordisk — Shares slipped 0.3% after the company announced a multimonth subscription plan for its obesity drug Wegovy products.
Marvell Technology - Shares jumped 11% after an announcement that Nvidia will be investing $2 billion in the company as part of a strategic partnership.
At Touchstone Wealth Partners, helping ...1,200Client Households$500kAccount MinimumRetail, High Net Worth, Ultrahigh Net Worth, Foundations, InstitutionsClient Base$7mTypical Net Worth$5mTypical Account SizeExecutive Services/Equity CompensationAdvice for executives in managing the assets in their corporate equity compensation plans.
Texas Instruments Incorporated (NASDAQ:TXN) features on the D. E. Shaw Stock Portfolio: Top 10 Stocks to Buy.
This position comprised close to 1.3 million shares.
Since the fourth quarter of 2024, however, the fund has been aggressively buying the shares of Texas Instruments.
Filings for the fourth quarter of 2025 show that the fund owned nearly 7.5 million shares in the semiconductor company.
One of these is that the company, after allocating heavy capital expenditures to shore up local manufacturing over the past few years, recently announced that it would be reducing 2026 CapEx guidance to a range of $2 billion to $3 billion.
This shift is expected to nearly double Free Cash Flow.
The precious metal has suffered a sell-off during the Middle East war but the outlook is more positive
Prices consumers pay for a broad range of goods and services rose in line with expectations for February, offering a final look at inflation pressures before an oil shock tied to the Iran war rattled the outlook.
The consumer price index increased a seasonally adjusted 0.3% for the month, putting the 12-month inflation rate at 2.4%, according to Bureau of Labor Statistics data released Wednesday.
Both numbers matched the Dow Jones consensus forecast.
The annual rates were unchanged from January, indicating that inflation was holding above the Federal Reserve's 2% target but not getting worse.
While the report showed inflation broadly stable, prices rose modestly for shelter and services while several goods categories, including used vehicles and auto insurance, saw declines.
Shelter, which is the single-biggest component of the CPI, posted a 0.2% increase, putting the annual rate at 3%.
Within the category, rent rose just 0.1%, the smallest monthly increase since January 2021.
Apparel prices, which are sensitive to tariff pressures, saw a 1.3% monthly gain, the biggest jump since September 2018.
New vehicle prices were steady and up just 0.5% from a year ago, while energy rose 0.6% and also saw a 0.5% annual increase.
Egg prices fell 3.8%, putting the annual drop at 42.1%.
Markets reacted little to the report, with stock market futures mixed and Treasury yields higher.
Stocks slumped later in the session while yields spiked, a sign that traders were looking through the March CPI report and instead focusing on an increase in oil prices that could push headline inflation higher in the coming months.
"CPI inflation for February was along expectations but this is the calm before the storm that will show up due to surging gasoline prices in March," said Sonu Varghese, chief macro strategist for the Carson Group.
"Still, this report does show that the Fed has an inflation problem even if you set aside the energy shock.
Tariff-impacts are still hitting core goods inflation, while services inflation outside housing remains hot.
"The data predates the recent surge in oil prices tied to the war with Iran, meaning any impact from higher energy costs will likely show up in the months ahead.
The U.S.-Israel attack on Iran dramatically changed the outlook, at least in the near term.
Higher oil prices could complicate the inflation outlook in coming months, as increases in gasoline and other energy products often filter through to transportation, shipping and a wide range of consumer goods.
Sustained gains in crude prices can quickly show up in headline inflation readings even if underlying price pressures remain stable.
From the Federal Reserve's perspective, the February CPI report likely keeps the central bank on hold as it watches how a series of interest rate cuts last year, plus the current geopolitical tensions, impacts the economic outlook.
Despite fears that tariffs would spur inflation and complicate matters for the Fed, the CPI report shows generally receding costs in goods most impacted by tariffs, and rising prices for key services components such as medical care, airline fares and lodging.
The Fed will release its next interest rate decision on March 18, with traders assigning nearly 100% odds that the central bank will stay on hold.
5 Years 91.54 Correlation 1 Year 12.59 Correlation 3 Years 80.19 Correlation 5 Years 73.09 High 1 Year 37.77 Information Ratio 1 Year 0.27 Information Ratio 3 Years 1.31 Information Ratio 5 Years 0.85 Low 1 Year 35.49 Maximum Loss 1 Year -1.09 Maximum Loss 3 Years -2.47 Maximum Loss 5 Years -14.78
What was initially an unusual swell of Canadian patriotism a year ago has evolved into a new social and economic order for the country of 41 million.
Central bank researchers called this a structural change in the national economy stemming directly from heightened trade tensions.
The transformation could have impacts on Canada's inflation and the makeup of its gross domestic product, they said.
The same month, Canada and China reached a preliminary trade agreement.
"Canadians are closely watching the outcome of renegotiations for the Canada, United States, Mexico Agreement — or CUSMA — taking place this year.
We’re striving to change that, by not only being really good at the numbers, but by ...5,000Client Households$500kAccount MinimumRetail, High Net Worth, Ultrahigh Net Worth, Foundations, InstitutionsClient Base$8mTypical Net Worth$4mTypical Account SizeExecutive Services/Equity CompensationAdvice for executives in managing the assets in their corporate equity compensation plans.
The merger addressed a need that both organizations faced in working with thei...7,326Client Householdsno minimumAccount Minimum$250kMedian Account SizeRetail, High Net Worth, Ultrahigh Net Worth, Endowments, Foundations, InstitutionsClient Base$1.3mMedian Net WorthTop RIA Firms: 2020-2024Insurance products offered through HBK Sorce Insurance LLC.
This change has been underway since the late 1990s and the launch of the first luxury European SUVs: the Mercedes M-Class, BMW’s X5.
At the other end of the spectrum, for those keen to drop north of £150,000 on a car that looks like it was built to tow a horse box, SUVs are available from Bentley, Aston Martin and Rolls-Royce.
Slightly quicker than mine (0-62 mph in 4.5 seconds), it’s an upgrade in every way, with more badass body-styling and, on the dashboard, more touchscreen tech than Apple.
I’m not saying it’s as smoking hot as a vintage Lamborghini – it’s a family estate – but it’s a good deal easier on the eye than any SUV.
February marked the third time in the past five months that payrolls declined, following a sharp revision showing a drop of 17,000 in December.
Health care, the primary growth driver in payrolls for at least the past year, saw a loss of 28,000, due largely to a strike at Kaiser Permanente that sidelined more than 30,000 workers in Hawaii and California.
Average hourly earnings increased 0.4% for the month and 3.8% from a year ago, both 0.1 percentage point above forecast.
"We also have inflation printing above target and oil prices rising.
Manufacturing saw a loss of 12,000, despite tariffs aimed at reshoring jobs from overseas.
Social assistance was one of the few sectors posting a gain, up 9,000.
Jefferies economist Thomas Simons called the February payrolls drop "a perfect storm of temporary drags coming together following an above-trend print in January.
Inflation had been moderating, but a recent spike in gas prices following the fighting in the Middle East has raised questions about another jump.
Elsewhere, economic growth has been solid, with reports this week showing that both the services and manufacturing sectors are expanding.
White House economic advisor Kevin Hassett said the average payroll growth over the past several months has been in line with trend considering the White House's efforts against illegal immigration.
"Federal Reserve officials consequently have taken a cautious approach to policymaking following a series of interest rate reductions.
Fed Governor Christopher Waller said earlier in the morning that a weak jobs report could affect policy.
That portion of the report indicated a drop of 185,000 in those reporting at work and a rise of 203,000 in the unemployment level.
Trump says Iranian "president" has asked U.S. for ceasefireBy Michael S. Derby and David LawderWASHINGTON, April 1 (Reuters) - St. Louis Federal Reserve President Alberto Musalem said on Wednesday he doesn’t see a near-term need for the U.S. central bank to change its interest rate stance, as he warned of rising inflation risks tied to the war in the Middle East.
"The economic outlook is highly uncertain," he said.
And while the baseline outlook holds for decent levels of growth, stability in the unemployment rate and further moderation in inflation, he added that "uncertainty from the Middle East conflict and unsettled tariff policy could weigh on consumer and business spending in the first half of the year."
In this environment, Musalem said "the risks to the labor market and inflation both tilt in unfavorable directions, that is, toward a weaker labor market and greater persistence of above-target inflation."
He noted that it’s been an extended practice for the Fed to look through supply shocks as likely temporary drivers of higher inflation, but the current situation may be different.
"History suggests caution is warranted, however, especially when underlying inflation is persistently above target," Musalem said.
"Supply shocks may be more likely to have a persistent impact on inflation and inflation expectations, especially given the difficulty of identifying how much underlying inflation is due to temporary supply shocks as opposed to persistent demand pressures.
"FED OUTLOOK CLOUDED BY UNCERTAINTYThe Fed last month maintained its benchmark overnight interest rate in the 3.50%-3.75% range as it awaits data on the impact of the U.S.-Israeli war with Iran, which has led to a surge in energy prices and has started to upend key global supply chains.
At its recent policy meeting and in comments since then, Fed officials have given no signals they see an imminent need to change interest rate policy.
The last Fed meeting saw officials pencil in one rate cut for this year, as financial markets have oscillated between expectations of hikes and cuts due to the inflation outlook.
He said he could favor easing policy if "a greater risk of a weakening labor market becomes apparent" so long as risks of higher inflation are low.
As for a hike, he said that could be in the cards "to avoid an inadvertent real easing that would result from holding the policy rate constant if core inflation or medium- to long-term inflation expectations moved persistently higher and away from (the) 2%" target.
Private sector employment growth was a bit better than expected in March, but health care and construction continued to provide nearly all the momentum, payrolls processing company ADP reported Wednesday.
Job growth totaled 62,000 for the month, down just 4,000 from February's upwardly revised level but above the Dow Jones consensus for 39,000.
"We've seen two consecutive months of pretty steady job growth, but most of it has been in health care," Nela Richardson, ADP's chief economist, told CNBC.
"Elsewhere, information services added 16,000 jobs while natural resources and mining contributed 11,000 and leisure and hospitality saw a gain of 7,000.
Businesses with fewer than 50 employees also dominated hiring, adding 85,000 jobs, while medium-sized establishments lost 20,000 and large firms, with 500 or more employees, reported a decline of 4,000.
This was the second consecutive month that small businesses led, a shift Richardson said may be the sector "playing catch-up" as well as inflation impacts and "that second or third job that people need to keep up with price levels that might be coming from the small-firm sector.
"Wage growth for those staying in their jobs held steady at 4.5%, while job changers saw a gain of 6.6%, up 0.3 percentage point from February.
The Wall Street forecast is for a gain of 59,000 following February's reported loss of 92,000.
In other economic news Wednesday, retail sales posted a solid gain in February, up 0.6% after falling 0.1% in January.
The figure was better than the 0.5% forecast.
Excluding autos, sales rose 0.5%, vs. the outlook for 0.3%.
Also, the ISM manufacturing index posted a slightly better than expected reading at 52.7, representing the percentage of firms reporting expansion in March.
However, the prices index saw a massive gain, hitting 78.3, a 7.8-point surge to the highest since June 2022.
The euro zone economy may already be on the "adverse" path outlined by the European Central Bank and inflation could become entrenched quicker than in 2022 as memories of rapid price rises shape consumer behaviour, ECB policymaker Primoz Dolenc said.
Inflation jumped above the ECB’s 2% target last month as energy costs rose because of the war in Iran.
The ECB has warned it may need to raise interest rates if the price surge spreads across the broader economy.
The bank has also sketched out adverse and severe alternatives to its baseline outlook, each implying higher and longer-lasting inflation and a bigger hit to growth.
Such a deterioration in the outlook - driven entirely by the war dragging on - risks pushing companies and households to raise price and wage expectations, triggering so-called second-round effects.
These are the ECB’s main concern because they can make inflation self-reinforcing.
"Second-round effects might not take as long to take hold as in our last inflation episode," Dolenc said.
"People and firms have fresh memory of the inflation spike in 2022.
Dolenc said the ECB should not react to short-term price spikes, but must be ready to move quickly if energy inflation starts to spread to other goods and services or if workers factor higher inflation into wage demands.
"If there is a sign that higher energy prices will seep into other parts of the economy fairly quickly, and inflation expectations will rise quickly because of the memory effect, then we would need to consider acting sooner rather than later, in part to preserve our credibility," Dolenc said.
The ECB may not have all the necessary information by its April 30 meeting, but will receive a large flow of data, including detailed March inflation figures, energy market information and sentiment surveys.
While some officials, such as Bundesbank President Joachim Nagel, have said a rate hike as soon as April is an option, others - including ECB board member Isabel Schnabel and Cypriot central bank chief Christodoulos Patsalides - have warned against moving too fast.
"But if it looks like the war will drag on, high energy prices may spread through the economy and inflation expectations will rise, the ECB may need to act as soon as this month, he said.
"But we will for sure do whatever we can to bring inflation down to our 2% target in the medium term.
John Hancock U.S. Growth Fund outperformed the Russell 1000 Growth Index, helped the most by favorable security selection in the information technology, industrials, and communication services sectors.
U.S. stocks rose in Q4, supported by strong corporate earnings and consumer spending, as well as solid economic growth.
In positioning the portfolio for continued economic acceleration, the fund was overweight its growth and valuation upside factors and underweight its total capital return and quality factors.
HighlightsU.S. stocks rose in Q4, supported by strong corporate earnings and consumer spending, as well as solid economic growth.
I remain overweight growth and valuation upside factors (30% each), underweight total capital return and quality (20% each), reflecting confidence in continued economic acceleration.
Trump says Iranian "president" has asked U.S. for ceasefireLONDON, April 1 (Reuters) - British factory cost pressures soared in March and delivery delays - due to ships avoiding the Strait of Hormuz - were the longest since mid-2022, according to a survey that laid bare the impact of the Middle East conflict.
The survey’s closely watched output gauge fell to 49.2, its first contraction since September, down from 52.5 in February.
"The war in the Middle East and ongoing concerns about domestic economic policy led to a scaling back of production," Rob Dobson, director at S&P Global Market Intelligence, said.
Dobson said the growth in new orders suggested the drop in production probably reflected supply issue rather than a fall in demand although demand would be tested without a swift resolution to the war.
Investors expect the BoE to raise rates two or possibly three times this year as it tries to stop higher inflation caused by the war from becoming a long-term problem for Britain’s economy.
But most economists polled by Reuters think the central bank is likely to hold off until it has a clearer idea of the scale of the conflict’s impact.
The already weak pace of economic growth could reduce the inflationary risks, they say.
RH (NYSE:RH), the high-end home furnishings retailer, reported weaker-than-expected results for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025, sending its shares down almost 23% in early trading.
The company posted adjusted earnings per share of $1.53, below analysts’ consensus of roughly $2.21, while revenue came in at $842.6 million, missing the expected $873.5 million.
Despite the miss, revenue still grew 3.7% year over year.
GAAP net income for the quarter rose 107% to $29 million, and the company recorded a GAAP operating margin of 11.5%.
EBITDA margin was 16.2%, with an adjusted EBITDA margin of 17.7%, and free cash flow totaled $55 million.
RH said its fourth quarter and full-year 2025 net revenues were negatively affected by about $30 million from higher-than-expected backorder and special order balances related to tariffs, and roughly $10 million from adverse weather at the end of the quarter.
Looking ahead, RH expects fiscal year 2026 revenue growth of 4% to 8%, an adjusted EBITDA margin of 14% to 16%, and adjusted free cash flow of $300 million to $400 million.
The company noted that its guidance reflects an approximate 270 basis point negative impact on adjusted EBITDA from preopening and startup costs associated with international expansion.
For the first quarter of 2026, RH projects revenue to decline 2% to 4% with an adjusted EBITDA margin of 5.5% to 6.5%, including about 420 basis points of negative impact from international expansion startup costs.
That's the highest level seen since mid 2024 and marks a 21% increase from a month ago.
Before this month's surge, the national average gas price had fallen to lows going back to 2021, according to AAA.
AffordabilityThe rise in gas threatens to undermine Trump's focus on lowering the cost of living that was a pillar of his reelection campaign.
Trump said at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, earlier this year that there was "virtually no inflation" in the U.S.
He pointed to sliding energy costs as an example of how the U.S. "defeated" inflation.
Regardless of the war, gas prices tend to rise around this time of year as the spring break season kicks off, according to AAA spokesperson Aixa Diaz.
"What consumers pay going forward depends in part on the length of the disruption to the market, according to Raymond James analyst Bobby Griffin.
If crude oil prices continue to rise, he said retailers will need to "chase" higher price tags to mitigate margin pressure.
Even if crude declines, buyers may not see an instant drop to prices, the analyst said, as retailers do not tend to immediately pass down cost savings to drivers.
Ollie's Bargain Outlet (NASDAQ:OLLI) has been caught in a meaningful selloff, but Wells Fargo analyst Edward Kelly sees the weakness as an opportunity.
Kelly added Ollie's to the firm's Q2 Tactical Ideas List with an Overweight rating and a $130 price target, arguing the stock is mispriced relative to its growth trajectory.
So far this year, the stock is down 17.53%, and over the past year, shares of OLLI have lost 19.85%.
The Analyst's CaseWells Fargo believes the post-Q3 earnings pullback creates an attractive entry point, noting that choppy data is an overhang but "a couple of weeks is not a trend."
The core thesis: the stock is too cheap for the growth outlook.
The firm cited strong Q4 comparable store sales growth, effective cost management, and healthy margins as evidence that Ollie's is positioned for continued double-digit earnings growth in 2026.
The model benefits structurally when retail consolidation accelerates deal flow.
Full-year net sales reached $2.65 billion, up 17% year over year, with net income of $240.6 million.
With the utilitiesQuanta Services: Leading The Way For U.S. Reindustrialization (Rating Upgrade)
Summary- Quanta Services, Inc. is rated Strong Buy with a $713/share price target, driven by robust EPC market demand and a $44B backlog.
- PWR is positioned to benefit from $1.1T in U.S. power infrastructure investments through 2030, fueled by data center expansion and reindustrialization.
- Strategic supply chain investments and the Dynamic Systems acquisition enhance PWR’s capacity in high-voltage equipment and key growth markets.
- Despite a premium 30.90x EV/aEBITDA multiple, PWR’s durable growth, deep backlog, and pricing power support its forward valuation.
April 1 (Reuters) - Investment manager Franklin Templeton said on Wednesday it had agreed to acquire cryptocurrency investment unit 250 Digital, spun out of venture firm CoinFund, as it steps up its expansion into digital assets.
The deal comes as traditional financial firms ramp up their presence in cryptocurrencies, supported by favorable policies under the Trump administration.
Franklin Templeton, which manages more than $1.7 trillion in assets, has been among the early movers in exploring blockchain technology and digital asset investing.
The business will build on the firm's existing crypto and blockchain venture investing capabilities while expanding its broader digital assets investment platform.
- The US FDA has approved Eli Lilly's weight loss pill, the GLP-1 receptor agonist Foundayo (orforglipron).
Despite facing near bankruptcy in the late 1990s, the company managed to rebuild and now stands as the second-most-valuable publicly traded business in the world.
Now Apple will need to once again harness its capacity for change to ensure it’s around for another 50 years.- Grace O'Donnell
- Daniel HowleyOpenAI valued at $852 billion in latest funding round ahead of IPOOpenAI (OPAI.PVT) on Tuesday announced it closed its latest funding round, raising $122 billion in commitments at a valuation of $852 billion.
In a statement, OpenAI said it is now generating $2 billion in revenue per month, up from $1 billion per quarter in 2024, and that, at its current stage, its revenue is growing four times faster than the likes of Google parent Alphabet (GOOGL, GOOG) and Meta (META) did.
The latest funding round comes ahead of an anticipated IPO this year and was led by heavyweights including Amazon (AMZN), which committed $50 billion in February, and Nvidia (NVDA) and SoftBank (9984.T), which each committed $30 billion.
The company’s stock rose more than 4% on the news.
Shares of Oracle have declined 49% over the last six months and rose 1.75% over the past year.
The stock topped out at $345 in September 2025, before pulling back significantly, and as of Tuesday was trading at $142.
Oracle received a brief reprieve from traders following its most recent earnings announcement on March 10, when it reported better-than-expected third quarter results and revised its fiscal 2027 revenue higher to $90 billion.
That means it has contracts for $523 billion that it must complete before it can get paid out by its customers.- Daniel HowleyDelta inks deal to use Amazon's satellite internet on flights beginning in 2028Amazon (AMZN) announced on Tuesday that it will provide internet service to Delta Air Lines (DAL) flights via its Amazon Leo satellites beginning in 2028.
Tesla is expected to deliver 364,645 vehicles globally in Q1, per Bloomberg consensus, up nearly 9% year over year, though the company’s total from last year was down due to the changeover to the new Model Y, which impacted sales.
- Daniel HowleyMemory chip stocks continue to slideMemory chip maker Micron (MU) stock slid in the early trading Tuesday, as the memory industry continues to grapple with the fallout from Google’s
The fear among investors is that more efficient AI will lead to a drop in demand for high-bandwidth memory, a key component in AI data centers that has become increasingly important as AI models have continued to balloon in size.
Micron stock is down more than 27% since it reported blow-out second quarter results on March 18.
At the time, the company posted earnings per share (EPS) of $12.20 on revenue of $23.86 billion.
That amounted to an EPS increase of 682% year-over-year and a revenue jump of 196%.
Wall Street was anticipating EPS of $9.00 on revenue of $19.7 billion year over year.
Micron also said it expects Q3 revenue above analysts’ forecasts.- Grace O'DonnellMarvell stock surges on $2 billion Nvidia investmentMarvell Technology (MRVL) stock jumped 8% in premarket trading after the data center infrastructure company announced it was joining Nvidia’s (NVDA) web of partners.
Token generation demand is surging, and the world is racing to build AI factories,” Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang said.
Nvidia stock rose 1.5% half an hour before the opening bell.- Grace O'DonnellMeta begins testing premium subscription for Instagram usersMeta (META) is testing a subscription model for Instagram called Instagram Plus that will let users secretly view stories, TechCrunch reported on Monday.
Subscribers will also be able to see how many people rewatched their stories, create unlimited audience lists, extend stories beyond 24 hours, and choose a spotlight story to increase a story’s visibility.
The news comes as social media stocks face a reckoning after Meta and Google’s (GOOG) YouTube were found liable for damages to a young user stemming from the designs of their apps.- Bex EvansWhy Nvidia has the important stock chart in the worldBTIG’s Jonathan Krinsky says people should be taking note of Nvidia’s stock right now.
That, combined with having “risk towards $150,” means the largest stock in the world has the “most important chart in the world” right now, according to Krinsky.
Yahoo Finance’s Brian Sozzi writes that if Nvidia stock is a great proxy for the broader stock market, then this AI leader may be leading the rest of the market even lower from its recent doldrums.
Sozzi listed Nvidia’s 15% drop from its recent peak, a “sell the news” reaction from investors, and questions about how quickly the company can translate sales of its Blackwell Ultra chips into earnings beats, as well as the US-Israel military action in Iran that continues to drive a massive rotation out of Big Tech stocks, as reasons to keep an eye on the stock’s movement.
Shares of the memory chip maker fell 9%, while Sandisk (SNDK) shed 8%, Intel (INTC) dropped 4%, AMD (AMD) fell 2.8%, and Nvidia (NVDA) declined by about 1%.
On the other side of that debate, RBC Capital Markets analyst Srini Pajjuri wrote in a note that memory chip pricing could remain strong through 2027.
"AI data center component demand continues to be strong with no signs of a slowdown on the horizon," Pajjuri said, as reported by Investor's Business Daily.
"Tight supply conditions are extending visibility through the year and are leading to price inflation in many cases.
"- Grace O'DonnellMeta, Microsoft rise as tech remains under pressureTwo “Magnificent Seven” stocks that have suffered a painful drawdown in recent weeks are among the few Big Tech names in the green during Monday’s trading.
Amazon (AMZN) was the only other Magnificent Seven megacap stock to trade higher during midday trading.
Despite a modest recovery on Monday, Microsoft and Meta still have a long way to go to overcome the recent negative sentiment.
Critique and Council are part of Microsoft’s Frontier program, which provides users with early access to certain features before they hit the broader Copilot app.- Grace O'DonnellMistral AI raises $830 million to fund Nvidia-powered data centerFrench artificial intelligence startup Mistral raised $830 million from a consortium of banks, the Wall Street Journal reported Monday, in a debt-financing round that will fund the startup’s Nvidia-powered (NVDA) data center.
The startup has been moving to expand its infrastructure in Europe to meet the growing demand for AI services.- Grace O'DonnellBig Tech stocks rout may be flashing turnaround signalLast week was a brutal one for tech stocks, as the Nasdaq Composite (^IXIC) index entered correction territory and the “Magnificent Seven” megacap stocks collectively erased more than $850 billion in market capitalization.
But the tech wreck may be sending “oversold” signals, some Wall Street strategists say, as compressed valuations make the sector more attractive to investors.
Bloomberg reports:- Daniel HowleySocial media stocks, led by Meta, continued to slide Friday amid lawsuit falloutMeta (META) stock fell more than 4% on Friday, as Wall Street continued to grapple with the company’s loss in a landmark social media lawsuit on Wednesday.
That sent shares of the companies tumbling on Thursday, with declines as much as 8% on the day.
Shares of other social media platforms like Reddit (RDDT) and Snap (SNAP) were also trading lower on Friday in response to the ruling, falling more than 5% and 3%, respectively.- Grace O'DonnellLeaked information about Anthropic's 'Mythos' model sends cybersecurity stocks spinningAnthropic (ANTH.PVT) inadvertently leaked details about its latest model release, Fortune reported, after an error with its content management system made private data public on parts of its website.
In the documents, the company described the model as its most capable yet, with significant improvements in “reasoning, coding, and cybersecurity.”
Cybersecurity stocks took a hit on the news due to fears that Anthropic’s powerful new model could allow actors to exploit vulnerabilities in software faster than companies can patch them.
This wasn’t the first time Anthropic has warned that frontier AI models could heighten cybersecurity risks.
Shares of Palo Alto Networks (PANW) dropped 6% on Friday, while CrowdStrike (CRWD) fell 5% and Fortinet (FTNT) slid by more than 3%.
Year to date, the iShares Expanded-Tech Software ETF (IGV) is down 27%.- Daniel HowleySony raises PlayStation 5 prices again, now starts at $599Sony’s (SONY)
PlayStation 5 is getting yet another price increase.
In August, Sony instituted a $50 price increase across its consoles, with the digital edition climbing to $499, the standard to $549, and the more powerful Pro to $749.
Microsoft (MSFT) has also raised prices on its Xbox line of consoles, while Nintendo (NTDOY) has raised the price of its first-generation Switch, which it launched in 2007, but not the newer Switch 2.- Grace O'DonnellJudge temporarily blocks US government's Anthropic banA federal judge stopped the US government from labeling Anthropic (ANTH.PVT) as a “supply chain risk” on Thursday, giving the AI startup an early win in its legal battle with the Defense Department.
US District Judge Rita Lin of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California said Anthropic could continue its contracts with the government for now, arguing that Anthropic was punished for its criticism of the contract in the press and calling the branding of a US company as an adversary “Orwellian.”
Anthropic sought to impose limits on how its models could be used under its approximately $200 million contract, but negotiations broke down, and the Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth designated the company as posing national security concerns.- Daniel HowleyAnthropic could go public by Q4Anthropic (ANTH.PVT) is considering filing its initial public offering (IPO) as early as the fourth quarter of this year, according to a report by The Information.
The Information notes that Anthropic’s plans could change, and the appetite for any IPOs could slowdown if the war in Iran drags on and drives inflation higher.
How the AI companies contend with shareholder demands given their prodigious spending plans will make for interesting theater.- Grace O'Donnell'Magnificent 7' stocks are seeing a shocking run: ChartTech stocks were deeply red on Thursday as risk-off sentiment took hold.
Still, every Magnificent Seven stock is down double-digit percentages from its 52-week high, my other colleague Brian Sozzi reports.
Apple previously signed an agreement with Google that will see the iPhone maker license Google’s AI models to power some of its AI features, following delays to its own models.
Despite falling behind in the AI smartphone race, Apple saw both record iPhone sales and record overall revenue in its most recent quarter.- Daniel HowleyMeta stock tumbles, takes other social stocks with it after landmark addiction lawsuit rulingMeta (META) stock fell more than 7% on Thursday, a day after a Los Angeles jury found on Wednesday that the company, and YouTube-parent Google (GOOG, GOOGL), were negligent in protecting young users on their platforms.
Meta is also facing another lawsuit filed by state attorneys general in 2023, in which the states made similar arguments to the Los Angeles case.
Shares of other social media platforms like Reddit and Snap were trading lower on Thursday in response to the ruling, falling more than 10% and 11%, respectively.
If you find yourself asking what the hype is all about, or what in the world I’m talking about, I’ve got you covered.- Myles UdlandMemory stocks sink, the latest trade getting hit by AI product innovationMemory stocks sank early Thursday, the latest development in what’s been an interesting week for the AI trade.
Bloomberg attributed a sell-off in memory names like SK Hynix, Micron (MU), SanDisk (SNDK), and Western Digital (WDC) to research published by Google earlier this week that appeared to lower demand requirements for AI models.
Thursday’s decline in memory stocks also cools off one of the hottest AI trades this year and is the latest pocket of stock market weakness tagged to new technological advances in AI.
Software stocks have also continued their sell-off this week, with this decline attributed both to new agentic tools released by Amazon and advances from Anthropic that will allow Claude to complete a wider range of tasks on a user’s computer.
- Grace O'DonnellSnapchat hit with EU probe into alleged failure to prevent child grooming, illegal goods salesSnap (SNAP) stock fell on Thursday morning after EU regulators opened an investigation into the social media platform Snapchat, warning that it wasn’t doing enough to prevent child grooming and illegal goods sales.
"From grooming and exposure to illegal products to account settings that undermine minors' safety, Snapchat appears to have overlooked that the Digital Services Act demands high safety standards for all users," EU tech chief Henna Virkkunen said in a statement, according to Reuters.
Earlier this week, OpenAI shut down Sora, its AI video creation app as the company continues to streamline its focus following its most recent funding round — which valued the startup at $840 billion — and ahead of an IPO that could come later this year.
- Daniel HowleyJury finds Meta and YouTube negligent in landmark social media addiction trialThe jury in a landmark lawsuit against social media companies ruled in favor of the plaintiffs, holding Meta (META) and YouTube (GOOG, GOOGL) liable for $3 million in damages on Wednesday.
Meta and YouTube disputed the claims during the trial, saying that they worked for years to improve the safety of their products.- Daniel HowleyArm stock climbs more than 15% on AI chip excitementShares of Arm (ARM) rocketed more than 15% higher in early trading on Wednesday after the company unveiled its first production data center processor: the Arm AGI CPU (central processing unit).
Despite Wall Street’s exuberance for Arm’s new chip, BofA Global Research analyst Vivek Arya pointed out in a note to investors that the company is far from the only CPU game in town.
Incumbents in both x86 and ARM have much wider breadths of portfolio and established software/ecosystem, catering to enterprise/telco customers,” he wrote.
Late Tuesday, Meta also rejiggered stock incentive plans for a handful of its top executives, which could see them earn nine-figure payouts if the company’s market capitalization climbs above $9 trillion in the years ahead.- Myles UdlandSpaceX set to file for IPO as soon as this week: The InformationThe biggest initial public offering on record could officially kick off its process this week.
The Information reported late Tuesday that SpaceX is preparing to file for its IPO with the SEC as soon as this week.
But now the company is expanding its reach with the debut of its first production data center processor: the Arm AGI CPU (central processing unit).
That provides Arm with the opportunity to launch its own processor.
The Wall Street Journal reports:It was only last December that Disney and OpenAI announced a deal allowing users to create videos using Disney IP.
The deal also saw Disney make a $1 billion equity investment in OpenAI.
That deal came a few months after OpenAI completed a share sale that valued the company at at $500 billion.
The AI giant was valued at $730 billion in late February following a funding round that raised $110 billion.- Daniel HowleyApple's iPhone to gain share in 2026, as broader market set to declineThe global smartphone market is set to take a hit in 2026, but Apple (AAPL) stands to benefit from the pain, according to a Morgan Stanley AlphaWise smartphone survey.
Global smartphone shipments will decline 13% year over year in 2026 and recover slightly to a 3% year-over-year improvement in 2027.
The survey, which polled 2,000 participants over 18 in the US and China and about 1,500 in the UK and Germany, indicates that while upgrade rates are expected to improve in both the US and China next year, Apple is the only one of the major smartphone brands that is projected to see a positive, and improving, year-over-year net switching rate.
“Among prospective US smartphone upgraders, advanced features and upgrade eligibility are the two reasons where Apple leads peers,” Morgan Stanley analyst Erik Woodring wrote in an investor note.
According to the European Automobile Manufacturers' Association (ACEA), Tesla electric vehicle registrations (a proxy for sales) in Europe rose to 17,664 units in February, an 11.8% gain compared to a year ago.
Cybersecurity experts have raised alarms that OpenClaw could be a security nightmare, but companies like Nvidia (NVDA) and Cisco (CSCO) are jumping on board, releasing their own apps to put guardrails around the agents.
In February, an AI safety and alignment worker in Meta’s Superintelligence Lab posted on X that her own OpenClaw agent bulk deleted her email without her permission.
The iPhone maker’s Apple Intelligence platform has fallen behind Google’s and Samsung’s offerings, driving Apple to enter into an agreement with Google to use that company’s Gemini AI models to power its own services.
Despite that, Apple posted record revenue in its most recent quarter on all-time high iPhone sales, showing that consumers aren’t penalizing Apple for its AI shortfalls.
The company’s stock price is down more than 7.7% year to date but up nearly 15% over the last 12 months.- Grace O'DonnellElon Musk's Terafab is hereOver the weekend, Tesla (TSLA) and SpaceX (SPAX.PVT) CEO Elon Musk unveiled what might be his grandest vision for his companies' future: a massive chip factory located in Austin, Texas.
The rideshare giant has built close to a dozen internal systems to deal with code generated by AI agents.
“As both a tech CEO and parent, I know legal compliance is not the same as safety,” Ready wrote.
US lawmakers have in recent years sought to advance legislation that would restrict social media use by users under 13, and some states have tightened rules for accounts.- Myles UdlandTim Cook says Mac just had its best week for new customers after MacBook Neo launchEarlier this month, Apple announced its first-ever low-cost MacBook, the MacBook Neo.
Apple’s MacBook Neo went on sale on March 11 and starts at $599.- Grace O'DonnellAmazon plans smartphone comeback more than a decade after Fire Phone flopReuters reports:- Karen FriarSupermicro stock dives after co-founder is charged with sending Nvidia-powered tech to ChinaThe US has charged a Supermicro Computer (SMCI) co-founder — a US citizen — with smuggling Nvidia (NVDA)-powered servers to China, contravening restrictions on the AI technology.
California-based Supermicro is a key assembler of AI servers based on Nvidia components, and it accounts for about 9% of the chip giant's revenue, per Bloomberg.
Shares of Supermicro plunged over 20% in premarket trading after three arrests linked to the case.
According to OpenAI, the deal will see the Astral team join its Codex group and will integrate Astral’s technology into Codex.
The companies didn’t disclose the terms of the deal.
Investment thesisThe massive disruptions in LNG supplies from the ME, as well as from Russia, have short-term as well as long-term implications for Cheniere's (LNG) outlook.
In the short term, the disruption stemming from theThe massive disruptions in LNG supplies from the ME, as well as from Russia, have short-term as well as long-term implications for Cheniere's (LNG) outlook.
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) features on the D. E. Shaw Stock Portfolio: Top 10 Stocks to Buy.
D. E. Shaw has registered a major buying activity around Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) stock in the fourth quarter of 2025.
Although the semiconductor firm is a long-term holding of the hedge fund, first featuring the 13F portfolio way back at the end of 2010, in recent quarters, the fund had reduced it from 9.2 million shares in the fourth quarter of 2023 to just 350,000 shares in the third quarter of 2025.
However, in the fourth quarter of 2025, the fund upped this by 1,917%, growing the shares owned to more than 7 million.READ NEXT:
Many managers argue that if AMD captures just 15%-20% of the AI accelerator market, up from 9% in 2025, the stock could see a massive multiple re-rating toward NVIDIA levels.
AMD management has signaled a path toward 50% server CPU revenue share by the end of 2026.
The 6th Gen EPYC chips launching in late 2026 are expected to drive a 40% year-over-year surge in server revenue.
- Valuation appears fair at 13-15x FY2027 EPS, with only 9-10% upside to a $17.5/share price target, limiting near-term return potential.
Wells Fargo analyst Shahriar Pourreza added Sempra to the firm's Q2 Tactical Ideas List with an Overweight rating and a $115 price target.
| Ticker | Company | Firm | Action | New Rating | New Target ||---|---|---|---|---|---|| SRE | Sempra | Wells Fargo | Upgrade / Tactical Add | Overweight | $115 |
The Analyst's CaseComing off non-deal roadshows following Q4 updates, Pourreza noted that prior underperformance has given way to a cleaner story, with regulatory clarity, the Sempra Infrastructure Partners sale credit review, and Oncor load filings paving the way for midyear updates.
The firm sees these as sequential catalysts capable of driving continued multiple expansion.
Wells Fargo's $115 price target sits at a premium to the broader analyst consensus of $102.69, signaling above-consensus conviction.
Oncor is the growth engine: Q4 2025 Texas segment earnings reached $201 million versus $135 million in Q4 2024, with an interconnection queue of approximately 210 GW from data centers alone.
The U.K. inflation rate stood firm at 3% in February, according to the latest figures from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) which marked the last reading before the start of the Iran war.
Core inflation, which excludes energy, food, alcohol, and tobacco, stood at 3.2% in February, up from 3.1% in January.
"After last month's slowdown, annual inflation was unchanged.
The largest upwards driver was the price of clothing, which rose this month but fell a year ago," Grant Fitzner, the chief economist at ONS, commented on X."This was offset by falls in petrol costs, with prices collected before the start of the conflict in the Middle East and subsequent rise in crude oil prices," he added.
The inflation print covers the final monthly period data before the U.S. and Israel launched airstrikes on Iran in late February, prompting retaliatory strikes by the Iranian Republic.
While economists expect the inflation rate to fall back somewhat in April due to a reduction in household energy bills linked to government cuts to "green levies," consumer prices are broadly expected to rise significantly thereafter if the war continues.
"Brace for impact," Deutsche Bank's Chief UK Economist Sanjay Raja warned on Wednesday, stating that "inflation is poised for another unwelcome detour" from here on in, while ICAEW Chief Economist Suren Thiru noted that a "brutal inflation surge" is coming.
"February's unchanged inflation is a false flag for the economy as these figures pre-date the eyewatering energy shock induced by the Middle East conflict and the subsequent financial pain facing consumers and businesses," he said in emailed comments.
"While inflation should fall next month as the cut to green levies temporarily lowers energy bills, a brutal inflation surge looms with skyrocketing oil and gas costs likely to lift the headline rate above 4% by the summer," he added.
BOE dilemmaWhile the war has rewritten inflation expectations in the U.K., the country was already experiencing a stubbornly high inflation rate compared to its neighbors on the continent.
Nonetheless, the rate of price rises was expected to slow this year towards the Bank of England's 2% target, giving the central bank space to cut interest rates.
The war has put paid to expected cuts for now, however, with economists saying the BOE is likely to keep interest rates on hold at 3.75%, or could even hike again amid the revised inflationary outlook.
But Nokes said that while the energy shock will put upward pressure on inflation over the next couple of quarters, "we are very unlikely to see an inflation spike in the same magnitude as 2022" following Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
Last week, the Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee voted "unanimously" keep its benchmark interest rate on hold, stating that "conflict in the Middle East has caused a significant increase in global energy and other commodity prices, which will affect households' fuel and utility prices and have indirect effects via businesses' costs.
CPI inflation will be higher in the near term as a result of the new shock to the economy," the BOE warned.
But last summer, Bank research suggested that second-round effects tend to become more pronounced when headline inflation exceeds 3.5 - 4%.
At current energy prices, U.K. inflation would likely peak briefly at 4% in the fall, according to ING.
Although Netflix (NFLX) stock is up about 25% from the February lows, shares are still nearly 30% below all-time highs.
Shares in sneaker and apparel company Nike (NKE) have been taking a drumming of late.
At current levels, I viewShares in sneaker and apparel company Nike (NKE) have been taking a drumming of late.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren sent a blistering letter to Federal Reserve chair nominee Kevin Warsh on Thursday, predicting he would serve as a "rubber stamp for President Trump's Wall Street First Agenda," and accusing him of having learned "nothing from your failures" during a prior stint at the central bank.
Warren, D-Mass, in the letter reported first by CNBC, told Warsh that his record as a member of the Fed's Board of Governors from 2006 until 2011 — which included the 2008-09 financial crisis and Great Recession — "should disqualify you from a promotion."
"But President Donald Trump has vowed that 'anybody that disagrees with' him 'will never be the Fed Chairman,' " Warren noted.
"As Fed Chair, you will be responsible for directing economy-altering policies that have seriousconsequences for American workers and communities," Warren wrote.
But those queries were buried at the bottom of what reads as a scathing, eight-page indictment of his tenure at the Fed, and what she called his advocacy "against tougher safeguards intended to prevent big bank failures and taxpayer bailouts" after he left the central bank.
Warsh's nomination is in limbo as Warren's fellow Banking Committee member, Sen. Thom Tillis, R-N.C., has said he would effectively block the nomination from being considered by the full Senate until a criminal investigation of Fed Chair Jerome Powell is resolved.
Pirro's office is seeking to reverse a ruling on March 11 by a federal judge in Washington, blocking subpoenas issued to the Fed as part of its investigation of Powell, which is purportedly focused on cost overruns of the pricey renovation of the Fed's headquarters and testimony about that project to the Banking Committee.
District Court Judge James Boasberg, in his order quashing those subpoenas, wrote, "There is abundant evidence that the subpoenas' dominant (if not sole) purpose is to harass and pressure Powell either to yield to the President or to resign and make way for a Fed Chair who will.
"Yet rather than using the Fed's powerful supervisory and regulatory authorities to address the severe consumer and financial stability risks posed by subprime mortgages, you defended and even implicitly promoted these products," Warren wrote.
"You also promoted derivatives and other forms of 'financial innovation' as vehicles to disperse risk and make the financial system safer."
"It has been well-documented that you played a central role helping to arrange numerous [multibillion-dollar] bailouts and even obtained an ethics waiver to deal directly with Morgan Stanley, which received the special regulatory approvals from the Fed on an expedited basis necessary to access additional emergency support.
"Your monetary policy record shows a repeated failure to accurately assess the impact of inflation on the American economy," Warren wrote.
"Since leaving the Fed, you have advocated against tougher safeguards intended to prevent big bank failures and taxpayer bailouts.
Nio (NYSE: NIO) shares popped again this morning, a day after they surged nearly 10% higher in anticipation of its March delivery numbers.
Those numbers impressed investors, and the stock jumped as much as 5.5% this morning.
At 10:56 a.m. ET, shares had pared some of those gains but were still up by 1.4%.
Continue »Sustained profitabilityYesterday's anticipatory rally in Nio stock came with the company reporting its first-ever quarterly profit earlier in March.
Record Q4 deliveries drove that profit, and investors were looking to see whether Nio could continue the surge in EV sales.
Its March report of 35,486 units shipped represented 136% year-over-year growth.
That sharp growth has investors thinking profitability could be sustained.
Today's stock move higher also reflects how Nio is doing compared to its Chinese competitors.
XPeng reported that March deliveries declined 17% versus last year, while Li Auto saw an increase of just 12% year over year.
Nio stock has been rallying this year, and that trend could continue if increasing deliveries lead to another profitable quarterly report.
Back then, this stake comprised 368,000 shares but was increased to close to 1.6 million shares by the next quarter.
Following this, it was trimmed, dropping down to 38,000 shares by the end of 2011.
Filings for the fourth quarter of 2025 show that the fund owned 718,000 shares in the company, representing an increase of more than 95% compared to filings for the previous quarter.
In January 2026, Microsoft officially disclosed that Microsoft 365 Copilot reached 15 million paid seats, a massive 160% year-over-year increase.
In Q2 FY2026, Microsoft Cloud revenue surpassed $50 billion for the first time, growing 26% YoY.
- Weniger also pointed to rising S&P 500 earnings estimates and high pessimism around a war resolution.
But equity market has been unpredictable, and the S&P 500 is still down 6% since the start of the war.
Jeff Weniger, the head of equity strategy at WisdomTree, highlighted a trio of factors on Tuesday in an interview with Business Insider.3 reasons to buy the recent dip- S&P 500 earnings estimates were revised upward in MarchWith the market tanking in recent weeks as oil prices have soared, one might be surprised to hear that Wall Street consensus forward earnings estimates for the S&P 500 were actually revised upward in March.
So, with the fundamental outlook for earnings even stronger than a few months ago, but the market down, it starts to look like a buying opportunity, he said.
"Just a few weeks ago, we were at 7,000, and the consensus was like $310, $312, $315" for earnings per share on the S&P 500, he said.
"Now we're at 6,400, and we're looking at $323."- The VIX has gotten extendedThe CBOE Volatility Index, or VIX, measures investors' expected volatility for the S&P 500 in the months ahead.
When the market dips, the VIX tends to spike.
"When the VIX is north of 30 and you go long big, broad exposures or put risk on in some capacity, you generally come back three, six, nine months later not regretting it," he said.
"It doesn't even need to be our base case, it just needs to be more probable than consensus.
On rates, Weniger said the economy is not nearly hot enough to justify a hike amid fairly timid loan growth, and said the Federal Reserve is more likely to cut rates as its next move.
In its fourth-quarter 2025 investor letter, Artisan Mid Cap Value Fund highlighted stocks like Revvity, Inc. (NYSE:RVTY).
On March 31, 2026, Revvity, Inc. (NYSE:RVTY) stock closed at $87.61 per share.
%, and its shares lost 17.91% over the past 52 weeks.
Revvity, Inc. (NYSE:RVTY) has a market capitalization of $9.8 billion.
Artisan Mid Cap Value Fund stated the following regarding Revvity, Inc. (NYSE:RVTY) in its fourth quarter 2025 investor letter:"Another notable purchase was Revvity, Inc. (NYSE:RVTY), a life sciences and diagnostics company that was a 2023 spinoff of PerkinElmer.
That move created a streamlined company, with high recurring revenue, increased margins andbetter growth prospects.
Our investment thesis centers on Revvity’s life sciences segment, particularly BioLegend reagents and the Signals software platform, which benefits from high barriers to entry, strong customer stickiness and long-term tailwinds from rising biopharma R&D, looming patent cliffs and the need for greater research efficiency.
Meanwhile, Signals software offers sticky, mission-critical informatics tools with high retention and expansion potential, trading at valuations that appear disconnected from recent takeout multiples in the sector.
The company’s diagnostics segment provides stable cash flow and incremental growth through menu and geographic expansion, particularly in newborn screening and autoimmune testing, partially offset by near-term pressure in China.
With solid free cash flow generation, manageable leverage and active share repurchases, the shares trade at a meaningful discount to peers and implied sum-of-the-parts value, offering an attractive risk-reward as growth and margins normalize, in our view."
Trump says Iranian "president" has asked U.S. for ceasefireBy David Milliken and Phoebe SeersLONDON, April 1 (Reuters) - Bank of England Governor Andrew Bailey said on Wednesday that markets were still getting ahead of themselves by pricing in interest rate hikes by the central bank, which wants to avoid adding to the damage Britain’s economy faces from the Iran war.
Bailey, speaking to Reuters at the central bank’s London headquarters, said BoE policymakers would need to keep a clear focus on risks to growth and jobs as well as inflation when making their next decision on rates.
The war in the Middle East has driven up energy prices sharply, fuelling inflation but also dealing a wider blow to the global economy.
"We will have to, obviously, act on monetary policy if we think it’s appropriate to do so.
"Of course, we have to deal with the shocks that come our way.
Bailey also highlighted the risks the Iran war posed to heavily leveraged financial markets, following the central bank’s warning earlier in the day of fragility in private credit and bond markets.
British government bond prices rose briefly after Reuters published the interview and U.S. bank J.P. Morgan said it now only expects the BoE to raise rates in June, rather than its previous forecast of hikes in April and July.
While the BoE voted unanimously to keep interest rates on hold at 3.75% last month, Bailey has been the swing voter on the Monetary Policy Committee in previous meetings.
Some members have talked about a possible need to raise rates to stave off inflation threats but Bailey said a precautionary rate rise might not be in line with his view of how the BoE should implement its remit to keep inflation at 2% over the medium term.
Bailey approvingly cited comments made during a jump in inflation in 2011 by then-BoE Governor Mervyn King, who said it was the BoE’s job to discharge its remit in a way that causes the least damage to the economy and the people.
The MPC announces its next interest rate decision on April 30.
BUSINESSES LACK PRICING POWER, BAILEY SAYSBefore the crisis, British inflation was on course to fall back to its 2% target and the BoE had said cutting rates further was likely.
Britain’s economy is considered to be particularly exposed to the inflationary impact of the rise in global energy prices, due in large part to its heavy reliance on natural gas to generate electricity and heat homes.
Last month the BoE said it expected inflation to hit 3.5% in the third quarter of 2026, almost double its 2% target but well below a peak of 11.1% in October 2022.
Bailey said the BoE was looking at a sharp rise in households’ inflation expectations last month "very carefully" but said they often reflected moves in headline inflation and that the message he had received from businesses was that they had limited ability to raise prices.
The auction reached an all-time high winning bid of $19 million in 2022 and has generated more than $50 million in total.
Disney is trading at a discount, so it's a good time for investors to scoop up shares, according to Raymond James.
The investment firm upgraded the media giant to outperform from market perform.
It also set a $115 price target, implying 19% upside from Tuesday's close.
That price target implies a forward multiple of around 14, "meaningful discount to the 10-year median given macro fears and Parks visitation headwinds."
"We see the current macro backdrop and international visitation headwinds as an opportunity to invest at a very attractive valuation," analyst Ric Prentiss said in a note to clients.
Disney shares have fallen 15% this year, pressured by expectations that attendance at the company's theme parks could slump this year.
Those include the launch of two new cruise ships and a Frozen-themed expansion at Disneyland Paris.
"We have stress-tested our model … examining not only our base case, but several bear cases with varying levels of severity, and believe the stock remains historically cheap even in some of the more draconian scenarios," Prentiss wrote.
Disney is also poised to gain ground on easier content and linear comparables, in addition to more favorable sports rights costs on the TV and streaming sides, the analyst noted.
Disney's streaming business represents the majority of the growth in the company's operating income between fiscal year 2025 and estimated fiscal year 2028, based on a combination of data from the company and analysts' forecasts, per Raymond James.
Raymond James' call falls in line with consensus on Wall Street.
Of the 33 analysts covering Disney, 27 have a strong buy or buy on the stock, per LSEG.
The upside here isn’t driven by hype but by a slow-burning realization: the world needs somewhere to store its decentralized assets and temporary solutions won’t cut it.
Of course, to hit those numbers, Arweave will need to prove it can scale storage demand while keeping costs stable and ensuring availability.
2026 AR Price PredictionAnalysis suggests the coin could surge in 2026.
Arweave’s performance in 2026 may depend on developer onboarding and partnership integration.
If new dApps begin defaulting to Arweave for data immutability (think DeFi logs, legal records or even supply chain receipts) the demand for AR could remain resilient.
2030 AR Price PredictionBy 2030, Arweave’s outlook is wide open.
Permanent archiving for AI models, decentralized search engines or government transparency initiatives could all drive demand to AR.
The low-end forecast of $14.40 reflects that potential downside.
Factors That Could Slow Arweave’s GrowthLet’s not sugarcoat it: permanent storage isn’t exactly a compelling pitch in the current hype cycle.
As dApps, L2s and AI tools require immutable storage, AR’s demand could grow if it stays cost effective and developer friendlyMacroeconomic FactorsAR’s long-term success is tied to broader adoption of decentralized infrastructure.
But if regulation or a shift in tech narratives sidelines permanent storage, AR might lag behind faster-moving narratives like AI, gaming or real-world assets.
Its partnerships with decentralized social media, NFT platforms and smart contract chains support long-term relevance – but cost and competition remain key challenges.
Arweave (AR) is projected to trade between $5.13 and $10.24 in 2025, with an average forecast of $7.19, driven by increased demand for long-term data storage in decentralized ecosystems.
Amkor Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMKR) is a new addition to the 13F portfolio of Discovery Capital Management.
The fund owns over 2 million shares in the company, disclosed in filings for the fourth quarter of 2025.
In its March 2026 presentation at the Morgan Stanley TMT Conference, Amkor projected that its 2.5D integration revenue will nearly triple in 2026.
Another important consideration is Amkor’s aggressive expansion in the United States, which aligns with federal CHIPS Act priorities.
High inflation and slow growth present a double threat, as stimulative measures such as interest rate cuts and government spending only aggravate inflation.
"You have huge budget deficits, inflation above target, and central banks are easing policy anyway.
The surge in energy costs came just less than a week after the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that the economy lost 92,000 jobs in February while the unemployment rate edged higher to 4.4%.
The weak jobs number followed a pattern of stagnant job growth that began in early 2025, raising fresh fears that the air had been let out of a strong growth spurt through most of last year.
Total job growth for all of 2025 — 116,000 — was 5,000 less than the monthly average for the prior year.
At the same time, core inflation as measured through the Federal Reserve's preferred gauge last stood at 3%, a full percentage point above the central bank's target.
A separate gauge, the consumer price index, indicated little change in inflation for February though still above the Fed's target.
"Higher oil prices, higher inflation, that leads to a shock," said Jim Caron, chief investment officer of portfolio solutions at Morgan Stanley Investment Management.
"But if oil prices stay up for long enough, then it becomes a growth scare, so then bond yields will start to come down.
If bond yields are coming down because people are worried about growth, then you're in the stagflation mode.
"Bond yields have mostly risen during the Iran crisis, indicating investors are pricing in an inflation scare from the oil price surge.
Similarly, markets are paring back expectations for Federal Reserve interest rate cuts, betting that the central bank will be more focused on defending its 2% inflation goal than it will boosting a labor market that is showing both a low level of hiring and firing.
"The US economy and stock market are stuck between Iran and a hard place currently.
So is the Fed," wrote market veteran Ed Yardeni, founder of Yardeni Research.
"If the oil shock persists, the Fed's dual mandate would be stuck between the increasing risk of higher inflation and rising unemployment.
However, Yardeni noted that rising fuel prices threaten to exacerbate food inflation as oil is used to make fertilizer.
The Fed reactionFor their part, Fed officials tend to look through such gyrations when formulating policy.
Prior to the U.S.-Israeli attack on Iran, futures traders were pricing in June for the next Fed rate cut, with at least one more before the end of year.
The implied fed funds rate by the end of the year is now 3.345% from its current 3.64%.
"This is probably the worst scenario for monetary policy, and we will probably hear the term stagflation repeated once again together with an 'Iranian crisis,'" wrote Eugenio Aleman, chief economist at Raymond James.
"We don't think that this new scenario will make Fed officials change their mind regarding monetary policy for now and that they will wait to get more data on the risks for their dual mandate between inflation and employment.
The Atlanta Fed is tracking second-quarter GDP growth of 2.1% — significant step down from the prior three quarters but still fairly strong.
Reports last week indicated both the manufacturing and services sectors were in expansion during February, though January's retail sales numbers were down 0.2%.
"While $100 per barrel oil is unsettling for stocks, the inflation, stock market and earnings picture are each in a better position now than they were in March 2022, the last time that oil prices crossed $100 during the aftermath of Russia's invasion of Ukraine," Carol Schleif, chief market strategist at BMO Private Wealth, said in a note.
- The bond market is showing signs it could be at risk of "funding stress," RSM said.-
The firm pointed to higher volatility & higher yields in the US Treasury market since the Iran war.-
The effects could eventually spread to areas like credit, currency, and the stock market, RSM said.
The US bond market is sending a warning to investors.
That's evident in the sharp increase in yields and volatility in Treasurys, two clear signs that the market for government debt is under stress from the war on Iran, according to the financial services firm RSM.
That distress could eventually spread to other areas of the financial system — in particular, the US stock market, Joseph Brusuelas, the firm's chief economist, wrote in a note on Wednesday.
"The Treasury market is signaling stress," Brusuelas said, adding that he believes investors were finally responding to the perceived severity of the oil price shock and its impact on US debt and inflation.
Higher yields are a sign that investors are growing nervous about inflation and pricing in higher interest rates.
It's also a sign that bond investors are placing a higher risk premium on US Treasurys, due to the uncertain economic outlook and the potential for steeper deficits as the war drags on.
It could also signal future debt challenges for the US, Brusuelas said, as higher yields imply that it will be more costly for the government to borrow.
Treasury volatility, the second stress signal, has also moved notably higher.
The MOVE index, which measures volatility in the Treasury market, recently climbed above its 52-week average to levels "consistent with past episodes of price instability and policy dysfunction," Brusuelas said.
He pointed to six previous spikes in Treasury volatility, such as when inflation soared in 2022 and when markets were battered by President Donald Trump's tariffs early last year.
"It is why we think equity markets are and will trade off rate markets the further we move into the crisis," he said of how stocks could be impacted.
The outlook for equities has grown gloomier the longer the conflict in the Middle East has dragged on.
For investors, the main concern is that higher oil prices could push inflation up, creating risks for the economy, dimming the outlook for rate cuts, and affecting vulnerable areas of the financial system, such as private credit.
Nike stock tumbles more than 13%, hits 11-year low as weakness in China, high oil prices weigh on outlookNike (NKE) stock fell as much as 13% on Wednesday as the company's turnaround efforts took a hit in the latest quarter, with its recovery in China stalling out and disruptions from the war in the Middle East weighing on its outlook.
With its decline on Wednesday, Nike's stock was trading near an 11-year low.
Nike expects revenue to decline by the low single digits in 2026, with gains in North America offset by declines in Greater China.
"We also recognize that the environment around us has become increasingly dynamic and could experience unplanned volatility due to the disruption in the Middle East, rising oil prices, and other factors that could impact either input costs or consumer behavior," Nike CFO Matthew Friend said.
In its fiscal third quarter, Nike showed progress in its uneven turnaround under CEO Elliott Hill and reported better-than-expected earnings.
The company reported adjusted earnings per share of $0.35, beating Wall Street analyst estimates of $0.31, according to Bloomberg data.
Revenue of $11.3 billion was flat year over year but higher than the $11.34 billion analysts expected.
Revenue fell 3% over the previous year when adjusted for currency impacts.
Revenue in Greater China declined 11% for the quarter, dragged lower by a 27% decline in equipment sales, followed by footwear and apparel.
For the current quarter, Nike expects revenue to decline between 2% and 5%.
The Greater China segment is expected to see sales drop by roughly 20% next quarter, "reflecting reduced sell-in that we highlighted last quarter, as well as accelerated actions to clean up the marketplace.""They're in the middle of a turnaround," CFRA analyst Zachary Warring said.
"Revenue for its direct-to-consumer business, Nike Direct, decreased 4% to $4.5 billion, in line with estimates.
The company previously said it expects to see growth in the segment this fiscal year as it returns its focus to wholesale operations.
Wall Street analysts had forecast a drop of roughly 3% to $6.4 billion.
The namesake Nike brand grew sales by 1% to $11 billion, surpassing expectations for a 0.5% increase from a year ago.
The Street forecast a roughly 26% decline to $300 million.
- Peter Atwater, the economist who first warned of a K-shaped recovery, says he isn't buying stocks.- He thinks markets are underpricing a scenario where foreign investors punish US companies for the Iran war.
- Inflation stemming from the war has become a global issue.
The professor who first warned the US about a K-shaped economy is raising another red flag: the stock market may be too optimistic about the Iran war.
As a result, Peter Atwater — the economist often credited with popularizing the idea of a bifurcated recovery where high earners thrive while lower-income people struggle — says he's steering clear of US stocks.
"The Iran war has dragged stocks through a month of volatility, but the benchmark indexes aren't that far away from all-time highs.
In the heat of the sell-off, the Dow and Nasdaq 100 dropped as much as 10% from their recent peaks, while the S&P 500 was just shy of entering an official correction.
The market's dominant worry is that higher oil prices could stoke inflation.
That could later weigh on consumers, hitting growth at a time when the US economy was already slowing down.
The closure of the Strait of Hormuz has also impacted other commodities, such as fertilizer, which is expected to increase food costs.
Trump says Iranian "president" has asked U.S. for ceasefireInvesting.com -- Bank of America is warning that surging energy prices will drive U.S. headline inflation close to 4% in the coming months, with price pressures seen persisting well into next year.
U.S. economist Stephen Juneau revised BofA's macro outlook following an update to the bank's oil price forecast, with headline PCE inflation now projected to peak close to 4% this quarter.
"We expect soaring energy prices to push headline inflation to nearly 4% y/y in coming months," Juneau wrote.
BofA expects the spike to be short-lived, with headline inflation falling quickly next year as oil prices retrace.
However, the bank cautioned that price levels at the end of next year are now seen 50 basis points above its prior forecast, driven by higher food inflation in 2027 stemming from ongoing fertilizer supply disruptions, and lasting global supply chain problems.
"Sticky and broad-based supply disruptions are likely to keep inflation above target next year as well," Juneau wrote.
The revised outlook adds to a challenging backdrop for the Federal Reserve.
The discussion comes with markets anticipating the central bank will be on hold regarding interest rates through the end of the year.
In his most recent comments, Powell characterized the economy as growing at "a solid pace" and said he is not concerned with worries of stagflation, low growth with high inflation.
The nomination currently is being held up in the Senate Banking Committee as U.S. Attorney Jeanine Pirro continues an investigation into the renovations at the Fed's headquarters.
In addition, the company offers various subscription-based services, such as Apple Arcade, a game subscription service; Apple Fitness+, a personalized fitness service; Apple Music, which offers users a curated listening experience with on-demand radio stations; Apple News+, a subscription news and magazine service; Apple TV, which offers exclusive original content and live sports; Apple Card, a co-branded credit card; and Apple Pay, a cashless payment service, as well as licenses its intellectual property.
Many of the country's major military contractors are large, established businesses that arguably don't have much room for expansion.
Its expansion efforts come at an opportune time, as the U.S. government is seeking to expand the nation's military industrial base and pivot to next-generation systems.
The hype may exceed the realitySwarmer completed its initial public offering on March 17, selling 3 million shares at a starting price of $5.
The market's reaction was explosive -- shares surged 13-fold over the following week to just over $65 before falling back toward $25.
As of the close on Tuesday, the shares were changing hands at $47.20.
The project’s goal is to distribute the power of AI development, potentially leading to greater accessibility and innovation in the field.
The system encourages growth and engagement by compensating those who contribute valuable machine learning models and data.
The model has the potential to drive long-term network expansion.
The growth potential of the AI sector adds to Bittensor’s appeal.
The increase of investment into the Bittensor ecosystem from groups like Digital Currency Group and the creation of investment projects from companies like Grayscale show a growing confidence in the project’s future.
Factors that Could Slow Bittensor’s GrowthOne major concern is Bittensor’s technological complexity.
The barrier to entry could limit widespread adoption, restricting Bittensor’s growth to a small, technically proficient audience.
Like most cryptocurrencies, TAO experiences market volatility with price predictions varying based on factors like regulatory changes, competition and overall cryptocurrency market trends.
Strategic partnerships with tech companies and academic institutions and increased developer and user activity are crucial for the network’s growth.
Adding to the complexity is the nascent field of AI regulation as governments worldwide establish frameworks for data privacy, algorithm transparency and responsible AI use – all of which could impact Bittensor’s decentralized AI marketplace.
Central bank policies, especially interest rate adjustments, significantly impact investor risk appetite with rising rates often diverting capital from assets like TAO.
While projections vary, long-term expectations suggest strong growth potential based on network expansion and AI integration.
With strong tokenomics, growing investor interest and real-world utility, TAO may appeal to both speculative and institutional investors.
The long-term outlook remains bullish as AI adoption expands.
While no current forecasts project a $10,000 valuation by 2030, some investors believe it’s possible over a much longer horizon – especially if decentralized AI becomes mainstream.
The company hopes to turn things around by gaining a dominant share of the merchant acquisition market through the purchase of Worldpay and the introduction of a point-of-sale system.
Global Payments could see upside from accelerating cash flow, substantial shareholder returns —and if that doesn't work — a leveraged buyout is a possibility.
Global Payments' stock has been battered for so long, it might be easy for investors to overlook its tempting valuation and a burgeoning comeback story.
A major restructuring in early 2025 sharpened Global Payments' strategic focus .
With the help of activist investor Elliott Management, the company is integrating its acquisition of Worldpay.
Cash flow is expected to accelerate, providing funds for share repurchases and strengthening its balance sheet.
These steps could boost its stock price, or it could catch the attention of private equity firms that have been eyeing the payments space for deals.
Shares have hovered near multiyear lows for the past nine months following a more than 65% decline over the past five years.
That poor performance has brought the forward earnings multiple down to just 4.9 times, well below its five-year average of roughly 15 times and a peak of 25 times.
As a merchant acquirer, it acts as the intermediary between merchants and banks, helping businesses accept credit card payments, authorizing transactions, settling funds into merchants' bank accounts, and managing risks such as fraud and chargebacks.
The Worldpay deal also bolstered Global Payments presence in Europe and strengthened some of its offerings such as e-commerce capabilities.
These companies rapidly innovated as Global Payments struggled to maintain its strategic focus, contributing to below-market-rate net revenue growth of 2% in 2025 compared with 6% in the previous year.
Turnaround story But last year, Global Payments consolidated its point-of-sale products into an all-in-one platform called Genius, simplifying its business as it looks to build stronger brand recognition and loyalty.
He cited areas such as software development, developer productivity, product lead times and velocity, as well as settlement account reconciliations.
Global Payments' stock price has yet to reflect this new reality even after a 17% pop following the release of a better-than-expected fourth-quarter earnings report on Feb. 18.
The shares gave up that gain in subsequent days as investors remain concerned about revenue growth and the risks associated with integrating the Worldpay business.
The company said it expects adjusted net revenue growth of about 5% in fiscal 2026 and adjusted EPS growth of 13% to 15%, both above analysts' expectations.
Executives described this outlook as "prudent" on the earnings conference call, suggesting there could be additional upside to the company's forecasts.
Adjusted operating margin is expected to expand by 150 basis points supported by higher operating leverage and integration gains from the Worldpay deal, which closed ahead of schedule and is on track to deliver $600 million in cost savings over the next three years.
Post-acquisition, Global Payments' scale has the benefit of lowering transaction costs and improving its ability to detect fraud.
This sales expansion, combined with rising sales efficiency, is expected to drive revenue growth above 5% in the second half of 2026.
Activist hedge fund Elliott Management took a stake in the summer of 2025, buying into the dip that followed the announcement of the transformative Worldpay deal.
By September 2025, Global Payments reached an agreement with Elliott to appoint three independent directors and create an integration committee.
After exiting Global Payments in 2023 at $108.61 per share, David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital repurchased shares at $77.85 in the fourth quarter of 2025.
In a letter to investors, they noted that Global Payment's consistent organic growth and its plan to return nearly $7 billion to shareholders — which is about one third of its market cap — over the next two years, should garner it recognition in the market and allow the stock to re-rate higher.
Buybacks and debt reduction In February, Global Payments reiterated its intentions to buy back $7.5 billion of its own stock by the end of 2027.
Mizuho projects the plan could boost per-share annual earnings growth by 25% over the medium term.
Global Payments' strong free cash flow generation is helping it achieve this goal.
It generated $3 billion in adjusted free cash flow in 2025 and expects more than $4 billion in 2027 and $5 billion by 2028.
At this pace, the company anticipates generating enough cash within five to six years to cover its entire market capitalization.
A stronger financial position will also help support multiple expansion.
Companies with such massive cash flow generation often attract the interest of leveraged buyout players.
A recent Bank of America report noted that "deal activity has picked up recently, with private equity (PE) firms showing renewed interest in fintech and payments."
After its own stock slumped in late February, competitor Paypal found itself the target of rumored buyout interest from Stripe.
Paypal is reported to be talking with banks to defend against a hostile takeover.
"If we get to a point after a period of time of integrating the businesses, producing results, returning capital, if the public markets continue to not fairly value the business, I think we owe it to ourselves to look at all alternatives and evaluate all alternatives," Bready said during its latest earnings conference call.
With an enterprise value around $35 billion, some investors may view Global Payments as too large for a leveraged buyout.
However, last year's $55 billion acquisition of Electronic Arts demonstrates that there is still appetite for sizable deals.
A buyout would likely require the backing of private equity firm GTCR, which acquired a 15% stake in Global Payments as part of the Worldpay transaction.
Wall Street analysts are somewhat cautious on Global Payments stock, with about 42% of the 33 analysts covering it rating the stock a buy.
About 52% are at a hold and two analysts have an underperform rating, according to LSEG.
Analysts are still concerned about Global Payments' ability to maintain a solid growth rate, fend off market share losses and integrate the Worldpay acquisition.
For example, analysts at Wolfe said they are "watching for more concrete evidence of post-merger milestones."
But the average analyst price target of $101.32 is almost 44% above its current price, suggesting a view that Global Payments' current valuation and massive expected cash flow generation gives the stock significant runway to a higher price.
While the Global Payments turnaround story is just beginning and only a few savvy hedge funds are pounding the table on the name, now may be the time to get in before a flurry of analyst upgrades, or even a buyout, send shares higher.
Home equity lines of credit and home equity loans are seeing the highest consumer demand since 2023.
Data company Cotality reports lenders issued over 653,000 new home equity loans totaling $40 billion and authorized 1.5 million HELOCs worth $271 billion in 2025.
Yet 97% of tappable equity remained unused last year.
HELOC and home equity loan rates Tuesday, March 31, 2026
The national average on a home equity loan is a fixed-rate 7.47%.
A home equity loan gives you a lump sum.
With mortgage rates still near 6.5%, homeowners with home equity and a favorable primary mortgage rate well below that may feel frustrated by not being able to access the growing value in their home.
The national average for a HELOC is 7.20%, and 7.47% for a home equity loan.
While none of the commodities are traded as widely as oil, the surge indicates how ripple effects from the Middle East conflict could end up restricting production of the semiconductors that power artificial intelligence advances.
Helium enables smooth production of semiconductors since the gas prevents unwanted chemical reactions in the manufacturing process.
Helium, a gas that's difficult to store, saw the volume of Chinese imports rise by 15.7% in 2025, after a nearly 65% surge in 2024, according to Wind Information.
"While the Chinese supply chain is being viewed as more resilient than many peers, the risk of disruption in chemicals as raw materials for manufacturers in selected segments is higher than expected based on the feedback," Goldman Sachs analysts said in a report late last week, citing nearly 40 commodity-related meetings and site visits in China.
TungstenTungsten hit a record high of over $3,000 late last week, marking a surge of well over 50% for the month and more than tripling in price since late December.
The company's CEO Lewis Black told CNBC that defense sector demand for tungsten has been "extremely strong" since the beginning of last year, but that there's been no notable change despite the Iran war.
Other assessments point to a milder rise in prices.
"A 2-3 month effective blockade would likely become a severe supply shock, especially as freight/insurance stay elevated and Middle East-origin cargoes become harder to execute," Pan Yuya, lead analyst for sulfur and phosphate raw materials at S&P Global Energy, and Isaac Zhao, senior principal analyst, China fertilizers at S&P Global Energy, said in a March 20 note.
Shortages caused by the Iran war are the latest supply chain disruption to rock global markets, which faced similar shocks from Russia's invasion of Ukraine in 2022 and the Covid-19 pandemic.
"Access to supplies of certain physical materials where production and processing is concentrated in China will become more frequent topics of negotiations with Beijing," Rhodium Group said in a March 24 report.
Trump says Iranian "president" has asked U.S. for ceasefireJOHANNESBURG, April 1 (Reuters) - Coca-Cola and its two authorized bottlers, Coca-Cola Beverages South Africa and Coca-Cola Peninsula Beverages, will invest 17.6 billion rand ($1.05 billion) in South Africa through 2030, to support expanded production capacity, the company said.
The investment will support expanded production capacity, strengthen distribution and accelerate innovation across the "Coca-Cola system’s" value chain, Coca-Cola Africa said in a statement.
Participants can contribute their cryptocurrency assets to the pools, providing liquidity and earning a portion of the trading fees.
As the decentralized finance (DeFi) sector expands, Uniswap’s established presence and robust infrastructure position it to capture a significant share of the growing trading volume.
That gives holders a sense of ownership and could drive innovation.
The protocol can turn on fee switches, distributing a portion of trading fees to UNI holders, which could drive demand for the token and increase its value.
Continuous innovation and development in Uniswap’s ecosystem contribute to its investment appeal.
Factors that Could Slow Uniswap’s GrowthVolatility and regulatory uncertainty are a challenge for all cryptocurrencies including Uniswap.
Increasing competition in the DEX sector could impede Uniswap’s growth.
Security vulnerabilities and smart contract risks threaten Uniswap and its users.
A major security breach could damage Uniswap’s reputation and erode user trust, slowing its growth and adoption.
Upgrades to improve scalability and reduce transaction fees impact Uniswap’s usability and the growth of the Ethereum ecosystem provides additional trading opportunities.
The platform’s liquidity and high trading volume are big draws, attracting both traders and liquidity providers.
Legal battles demonstrate exchanges' challenges, particularly those with U.S. regulatory bodies like the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
In February, the SEC dropped its multiyear investigation into whether Uniswap is an unregistered security and indicated it won’t proceed with any enforcement actions.
Around the same time, the SEC also dropped its investigation into Robinhood’s crypto unit.
It said it would not pursue a lawsuit against Coinbase aimed at regulating the crypto marketplace like a stock exchange.
Enforceability and interpretation of smart contract terms can be complex, especially in cross-border transactions.
Federal Reserve policies, especially interest rate adjustments, significantly influence market liquidity and investor confidence.
Increases in interest rates tend to tighten financial conditions, causing investors to reallocate funds from volatile assets like cryptocurrencies to more stable, income-generating alternatives.
Reductions in interest rates can spur economic growth and enhance liquidity, potentially encouraging investment in higher-risk assets.
Indicators of economic recession significantly impact cryptocurrency market trends.
As the native token of Uniswap – one of Ethereum’s largest decentralized exchanges – UNI benefits from ongoing DeFi growth, governance rights and potential revenue-sharing.
While this reflects a bearish outlook, actual performance will depend on adoption trends, Ethereum upgrades and Uniswap’s ecosystem development.
Broader macroeconomic conditions like interest rate policies also play a significant role.
Check out the companies making the biggest moves in premarket trading: Memory stocks — Shares of memory chipmakers tumbled following the unveiling of Google' s new AI model, which the company said could reduce the amount of memory required to run large language models.
Bernstein downgraded the stock to market perform from outperform, citing memory headwinds in the industry.
Mining stocks — Shares of gold and silver miners fell alongside the drop in precious metal prices .
Adobe — The software stock dipped 1.4% after William Blair downgraded Adobe to market perform from outperform, saying it's unclear at this point whether the stock is an AI winner or loser.
Navan — The travel tech firm soared 18% after guiding for strong revenue for 2027.
The company's fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share and revenue also topped Wall Street's expectations.
MillerKnoll — The furniture company plummeted 17.5% after posting fiscal third-quarter adjusted earnings of 43 cents on revenue of $926.6 million.
Snap — The stock slipped 1.3% after the European Union said it was investigating Snapchat for allegedly not doing enough to prevent child grooming and the sale of illegal goods.
Worthington Steel — The steel processing company plunged nearly 13% in light trading after posting fiscal third-quarter adjusted earnings of 27 cents per share, marking a decline from the 35 cents per share earned in the year-ago period.
In its fourth-quarter 2025 investor letter, Artisan Mid Cap Value Fund highlighted stocks like WaFd, Inc. (NASDAQ:WAFD).
One-month return of WaFd, Inc. (NASDAQ:WAFD) was -1.20%, and its shares gained 9.22% over the past 52 weeks.
WaFd, Inc. (NASDAQ:WAFD) has a market capitalization of $2.4 billion.
Artisan Mid Cap Value Fund stated the following regarding WaFd, Inc. (NASDAQ:WAFD) in its fourth quarter 2025 investor letter:"Q4 sales included WaFd, Inc. (NASDAQ:WAFD), a regional bank based in Seattle; LKQ and Bio-Rad Laboratories (BIO).
Trump says Iranian "president" has asked U.S. for ceasefire- Gold holds above $4500, but recovery remains fragile after the recent sharp sell-off.- Oil strength, rising yields, and a strong US dollar continue to cap upside for gold.
So, while the bounce looks encouraging, it’s probably too early to call it a clean turnaround.
In fact, the US dollar was already on the ascendancy again and bond yields were holding their own well.
With spot Brent oil holding well above $110, this is further pushing back bets for central bank rate cuts, with some now considering rate hikes.
The strong US dollar, rising bond yields, and bets for central bank rate hikes are – for now – offset by heightened haven demand, which is keeping the metal relatively supported.
Looking ahead, it all now depends on how the Middle East situation evolves and what it might mean for energy prices, and, in turn, inflation and therefore central bank policy response.
If crude oil falls back in the coming weeks on any real signs of de-escalation, then this will likely allow the US dollar to ease back, providing support for gold and other risk assets.
Gold Technical AnalysisGold ended last week broadly flat, managing to recover after Monday’s drop, which followed significant losses over the preceding couple of weeks.
A daily close below this area would weaken the near-term outlook and could open the door for a move back towards last week’s lows around $4100, where the 200-day moving average comes into play.
The national average interest rate for money market accounts is just 0.39%, according to the FDIC.
The Fed slashed the federal funds rate to near zero, which led to very low MMA rates.
Eventually, the Fed began raising interest rates gradually as the economy improved.
However, in 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic led to a brief but sharp recession, and the Fed once again cut its benchmark rate to near zero to combat the economic fallout.
This resulted in a sharp decline in MMA rates.
But starting in 2022, the Fed embarked on a series of aggressive interest rate hikes to combat inflation.
Today, rates remain high by historical standards, though they've been steadily trending downward following the Fed's cuts in late 2024 and its three rate cuts in 2025.
- Oil prices slumped on the news, helping to drive a fresh rally in stocks.
Yet, the bank is still expecting more volatility.
It was also unclear whether Iran would drop its previous requests, such as its demand for reparations, they said.
Bespoke Investment: Stocks will continue to whipsawGlobal stocks look like they're in "rally mode" after taking in news of the peace plan, but the move higher is already starting to lose steam due to the uncertainty of the situation, according to Paul Hickey, the co-founder of Bespoke Investment Group.
"He also pointed to the sharp drop in oil prices on Wednesday.
Trade Nation: Oil prices could see first signs of stabilityDavid Morrison, a senior market analyst at Trade Nation, pointed to the sharp drop in crude prices on news of the 15-point plan.
Should West Texas Intermediate crude drop below $80 a barrel and Brent crude below $90, that would be a "healthy first step," suggesting oil prices are stabilizing, he wrote in a note on Wednesday.
Oxford Economics: Oil could keep rising due to uncertaintyJohn Canavan, a lead analyst at Oxford Economics, pointed to news of the US's 15-point plan and Trump's recent comments about the war on Truth Social, which suggested that the US and Iran were making progress toward a de-escalation.
Given the uncertainty, oil prices may yet rise further, adding to the upward shift in inflation expectations and resuming the upward pressure on rates," he wrote in a note on Wednesday.
Avis — Shares sunk more than 9% after surging more than 48% last week.
CrowdStrike — Shares of the cybersecurity giant rose more than 2.5% after it got some support from analysts on the Street.
CrowdStrike is off more than 21% in 2026 on fears AI will replace cybersecurity technology.
Leidos — The stock rose more than 2.5% after the company announced it completed its $2.4 billion acquisition of Entrust.
The merger, the company said in a press release, will allow Leidos to expand its footprint in the energy infrastructure market and meet rising demand for power.
Robinhood , Coinbase — Shares of the popular trading platforms both rose more than 2% as cryptocurrencies rebounded after a fall last week.
The online travel booking company rose more than 2.5% after an upgrade from Jefferies.
While shares have been under pressure from both fears of the impact of AI on the company and travel demand destruction fears due to the war in the Middle East, the bank upgraded Expedia to a buy rating due to its strong earnings growth.
Memory stocks — Shares built on Friday's slight rebound in these names after a major sell-off in the stocks due to Google research that investors feared could preview a slowdown in chip demand.
As of the end of March 2025, Harmony Biosciences has a market capitalization of approximately $1.59 billion, demonstrating its robust position as a mid-cap firm in the competitive biotech domain.
The company currently does not pay a dividend, choosing instead to allocate its profits towards research and development efforts aimed at expanding its market offerings and driving sustained growth.
Harmony maintains a prudent approach to debt management, providing the flexibility needed to support its strategic expansions, including partnerships and potential new acquisitions in the sector.
Overall, Harmony Biosciences offers a promising opportunity for investors seeking exposure to the biotech field, particularly those interested in companies with strong growth trajectories and strategic initiatives aimed at addressing unmet medical needs.
Cal-Maine Foods Inc (CALM):- InvestingPro health score: Excellent- InvestingPro average fair value: $97.95 / 25.4% upside- Fair value confidence: High- Industry: Consumer Staples / Food ProductsCal-Maine Foods Inc earns their second month our list as stock pick for April 2026.
As of the latest quarter, the company boasts a market capitalization of around $3.72 billion, marking it as a notable player in the consumer staples (food).
Cal-Maine Foods specializes the production, grading, packaging, marketing, and distribution of shell eggs, egg products, and prepared foods.
The company pays a quarterly dividend of (currently) 3.6%, providing investors with steady income alongside potential capital appreciation.
With a P/E ratio of 3.2, Cal-Maine Foods appears relatively undervalued compared to industry peers, hinting at potential upside, especially if egg market production remains robust.
Cal-Maine Foods maintains a prudent debt strategy, evidenced by a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.0% (which is common for them), which supports its operational diligence.
Investors considering this stock should be aware of the volatility resilience associated with staple products, highlighted by their current 1-Year Beta of just 0.25.
The company is well-positioned to benefit from favorable market conditions, making it a compelling choice for investors seeking exposure to a resilient sector with the potential for both income and growth.
With a market capitalization of roughly $352.2 million as of the end of March, SNDL is a small player with significant potential upsides.
While SDNL doesn’t pay a shareholder dividend, this shows the business instead prioritizes strategic growth, reinvesting earnings to enhance shareholder value through a range of acquisitions and ventures.
While the current P/E ratio is -30.9, the company is looking on track to be profitable this year with a high shareholder yield and strong liquid assets.
Speaking of risks, however, it’s important to note that SNDL operates in sectors characterized by regulatory volatility and competitive dynamics, which can lead to significant stock price fluctuations.
Despite these challenges, SNDL has managed its debt levels effectively, ensuring financial stability as it explores new markets and products.
This disciplined approach to expansion, combined with potential new legislative changes favoring cannabis legalization, could catalyze growth and enhance shareholder value.
Danaos Corp (DAC):- InvestingPro health score: Great- InvestingPro average fair value: $126.20 / 25.3% upside- Fair value confidence: High- Industry: Marine TransportationDanaos Corp (DAC) stands out as a noteworthy stock pick for April 2026, particularly for investors interested in the maritime shipping sector.
As of the close of March, Danaos boasts a market capitalization of approximately $2.06 billion, positioning it as a significant player in the container shipping industry.
Danaos offers an attractive dividend yield, currently at 3.2%, providing an added incentive for income-focused investors.
The company maintains a P/E ratio of 4.2, suggesting that the stock is undervalued relative to its earnings, offering a promising upside of more than 25% for those looking to capitalize on market inefficiencies.
In terms of financial health, Danaos manages its debt prudently, with a focus on refinancing its liabilities to maintain operational flexibility and fund future growth.
Investors should be conscious, however, of the inherent volatility in the shipping industry, driven by fluctuating freight rates and global economic conditions.
Overall, Danaos Corp presents a compelling investment opportunity, combining a strong dividend with growth potential in the dynamic shipping industry.
Its ability to adapt to market changes and its strategic positioning in the global trade sector underscore its appeal to investors seeking both stability and growth prospects.
LuLu Lemon (LULU):- InvestingPro health score: Good- InvestingPro average fair value: $194.91 / 64.1% upside- Fair value confidence: Medium- Industry: Textiles, Apparel & Luxury GoodsFor investors targeting the consumer discretionary sector, Lululemon Athletica (LULU) presents a compelling growth story.
As a global leader in athletic apparel and lifestyle products, the company boasts a substantial market capitalization of approximately $13.73 billion (as of the end of March 2026).
Its current Price-to-Earnings (P/E) ratio stands at 11.6, reflecting strong investor confidence in its future earnings potential and premium brand positioning, which was reinforced by solid performance in the last quarter.
Financially, Lululemon operates with a very strong balance sheet and minimal debt, allowing it to self-fund its aggressive expansion into new product categories and international markets.
The company does not currently pay a dividend, instead prioritizing the reinvestment of profits to fuel this growth.
Analysts see a potential upside of just over 64% for the stock, driven by continued brand loyalty and successful market penetration.
With a beta of 1.27, the stock exhibits a similar volatility (just slightly higher) than the overall market, which is uncharacteristic of a high-growth consumer brand.
For investors with a long-term perspective, Lululemon’s powerful brand equity and consistent execution make it an attractive pick.
Beyond its small software division, the company’s entire model relies on constantly selling new sharesTreasuries on the wrong side of the divide could still create valueAhoy there SaylorMichael Saylor is building a pharaonic edifice of financial engineering.
Inside the Strategy chairman's leveraged crypto gambleThe Strategy strategy will keep working until it doesn'tGuess whose Spac?An innovative play on bitcoin maximalism, or an instrument of maximal shareholder dilution?
Bitcoin’s chief hype-man is testing the boundaries of public markets regulation
Citrini Research, the firm that rattled markets earlier this year with a provocative bearish call on artificial intelligence, is out with another warning — this time arguing an oil-driven slowdown could send equities lower.
Founder James van Geelen said persistently high energy prices risk weighing on consumers and corporate earnings, creating a backdrop where stocks struggle even as the Federal Reserve eventually pivots toward rate cuts.
In February, the firm published a widely circulated note arguing that the AI boom itself could ultimately hurt the economy, pushing unemployment as high as 10% if white-collar jobs are replaced by machines.
The core of Citrini's current thesis is that elevated oil prices act as a tax on growth, eroding purchasing power and tightening financial conditions without the Fed needing to take further action.
"If oil stays high, it would be restrictive enough simply to leave them where they are while oil prices filter through the rest of the economy and cause a slowdown.
Instead, van Geelen suggests any eventual easing would likely come in response to deteriorating growth, a backdrop historically associated with further equity declines rather than sustained rallies.
"The Fed knows that raising rates isn't going to magically make more oil supply," he wrote, arguing policymakers are more likely to "look through" the shock before ultimately cutting rates as conditions worsen.
Netflix: Focus On Content, Focus On Its OwnSummary- Netflix demonstrated financial discipline by exiting the Warner Bros. bidding war, securing a $2.8 billion termination fee, and avoiding leverage risks.- Netflix delivered 18% Q4 sales growth and projects 12-14% revenue growth in 2026, with operating margins around 30.5% and manageable net debt.-
Strategically, Netflix is doubling down on original and live content, including expanded NFL coverage and music documentaries, while planning further price increases.- Despite strong fundamentals and leadership, AI-related uncertainties and valuation in the low-30s earnings multiple temper immediate buy conviction; pullbacks to the low $80s could offer entry.
Canadian freight airline Cargojet has used its influence with the owner of 21 Air, a Miami-based contract carrier for DHL Express and Amazon, to remove CEO Tim Strauss and install an internal executive, according to industry sources familiar with the situation.
Strauss, 70, and top lieutenants left 21 Air when his contract was not renewed in February, an outside air cargo executive who works closely with the airline’s senior management, told FreightWaves.
The source, who asked not to be named because of the sensitive nature of the move, rejected the notion of a falling out with Cargojet or that Cargojet was behind the change, saying the expiration of Strauss’s two-year contract was a good time to bring in fresh leadership for its next growth stage.
“Together, we tackled a broad set of initiatives, from fleet onboarding and operational readiness to building a structured project portfolio and execution framework across the organization.
In the meantime, it had to pay monthly rent, maintenance and airport parking while the leased aircraft were generating no revenue.
The new commercial operator must update operating manuals to include the new aircraft, ensure maintenance records comply with its program, and conduct various legal, technical and safety inspections to demonstrate it can safely operate and maintain the new aircraft.
Certification covers every aspect of safety, including pilot training and aircraft handling, according to aviation experts.
The Miami-based airline took delivery of six 757 freighters from a lessor in the summer of 2021, but the planes sat for over nine months because initial manual revisions were rejected by the FAA.
Strauss inherited the 757 regulatory backlog, but significant management turnover in months before and after his hiring meant Amerijet lacked qualified managers who could complete the complex certification process, according to sources at the time.
It eventually will add Airbus A330 medium-widebody freighters as the supply of 767 conversion stock dries up, said the internal source.
Strauss left Amerijet in October 2023 when ownership declined to renew his three-year contract.
That means the president and two-thirds of the board have to be U.S. citizens and that no more than 25% of the voting shares may be held by non-U.S. citizens.
Understanding who has day-to-day control and sorting out how much oversight and influence a foreign investor might have is often murky in legal cases.
21 Air is owned by Avia Acquisitions LLC, which is owned by Avia Investments LLC — a joint venture between James Crane, the billionaire owner of Houston-based Crane Worldwide Logistics and the Houston Astros baseball team, and Cargojet.
DHL Express has a long-standing agreement with Cargojet for parcel transport within Canada and international routes, including its hub at Cincinnati-Northern Kentucky International Airport.
He founded Eagle Global Logistics in the mid-1980s before selling it to a private equity firm in 2007.
Benchmark analyst Yi Fu Lee initiated coverage of ServiceNow (NYSE:NOW) with a Buy rating and a $125 price target, arguing that a prolonged selloff has created a compelling entry point for long-term investors.
ServiceNow stock has fallen -50.42% from its January 2, 2025 price of $210.87 to a recent $104.55, well below its 52-week high of $211.48.
The Analyst's CaseBenchmark sees ServiceNow as well positioned to benefit from the Agentic AI supercycle, with the platform's integration of AI, data, security, and automated workflows creating durable enterprise value.
The firm points to strong leadership under CEO Bill McDermott as a key pillar supporting long-term profitable growth.
McDermott himself extended his commitment to the company through 2030, and on the Q4 earnings call declared: "This is a $1 trillion company in the making.
In Q4 FY2025, Now Assist net new ACV more than doubled year-over-year, and 244 transactions exceeded $1M in net new ACV, representing nearly 40% YoY growth.
Full-year free cash flow reached $4.576 billion, up 34% year-over-year.
The company closed FY2025 with $13.278 billion in revenue, up 21% year-over-year, and guided for $15.53 billion to $15.57 billion in subscription revenue for 2026.
Current remaining performance obligations stood at $12.85 billion, up 25% year-over-year, providing strong forward revenue visibility.
- The S&P 500 could finally be headed for an extended relief rally after weeks of decline.
- The index is down 6% year-to-date, largely reflecting investor anxiety from the Iran war.
- Some forecasters say stocks now look oversold and are eyeing a sharp rebound in the coming weeks.
Good news for investors: A relief rally may finally be on the way.
That sharp year-to-date decline even includes a more-than-1% rally on Tuesday, which came after President Trump reportedly told his aides he was willing to end the war on Iran, even if the Strait of Hormuz were to remain closed.
The decline so far this year has largely stemmed from AI anxiety rocking the tech sector, as well as a broader risk-off movement as the US-Israeli conflict with Iran escalated.
But more forecasters think the recent events have left the S&P 500 oversold — and are eyeing a sharper recovery for stocks around the corner.
Adam Kobeissi, a longtime analyst and the founder of The Kobeissi Letter, wrote in a note on Monday that the S&P 500 looked poised for a rebound.
He pointed out that the index is now trading at its lowest level in 232 days and that its daily Relative Strength Index, a measure of how overbought or oversold an asset is, is around 29.
When the gauge drops below 30, it's often interpreted as a sign that an asset is oversold.
"We believe that a relief rally is needed at the bare minimum on the basis of severely oversold technicals and imminent intervention by the Trump Administration," Kobeissi wrote, adding that he was setting a target of 6,500 for the S&P 500, implying 2% jump from the index's current levels.
Jay Woods, the chief market strategist at Freedom Capital Markets, also said he was eyeing the conditions for a relief rally.
"In all cases except the bear market of 2022 things were short lived and provided great entry points for traders over both the long and short-term," Woods wrote.
"But will this be the time to put money to work where we should find a more stable floor and get that snap-back rally?
"Momentum is nearing oversold levels on daily charts," Newton wrote on Monday.
"Rosenberg Research, the research firm helmed by the bearish economist David Rosenberg, floated a possible stock rally through the spring and early summer.
The bottom line of all of this is that, after almost six months of market malaise, the conditions for a spring-summer rally are developing," he said.
"De-escalation in the form of an agreement for US and Iranian official to meet will spark a rally and a ceasefire will trigger both a squeeze and re-risking," they later added.
Trump’s tariffs have not led to the kind of retaliatory action many expectedImport-dependent countries take advantage of US sanctions waiver to replace disrupted Gulf supplyYields on China’s debt are down marginally since the start of the conflict while those of other major economies have risenAmple oil reserves and renewables growth make manufacturing sector more resilient than rivalsCountries shrug off environmental concerns to fire up use of polluting fuel as Gulf supplies dwindle
Institutional Investor magazine announced BofA Global Research as one of the Top Global Research Firms in 2023 based on surveys held throughout the year.
The magazine creates rankings of the top research analysts in a wide variety of specializations, drawn from the choices of portfolio managers and other investment professionals at more than 1,000 firms.
US stock futures are already reacting positively, suggesting a stronger opening for Wall Street.
Based on fair value estimates, they now look undervalued by 28.1% to 51.9%.
Among them is Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc (NYSE:BR), a key player in financial infrastructure that focuses on investor communications, transaction processing, and technology solutions for financial institutions.
Its recurring revenue model, built on stable and non-cyclical income, makes it a strong defensive name.
The recent drop in the stock seems driven more by the broader market decline than by any weakness in its fundamentals.
The company leads in software, cloud computing through Azure, and artificial intelligence, with highly diversified revenue streams.
Despite its strength, the stock has seen profit-taking during sector rotation.
Its ability to generate revenue from AI, along with strong margins and large cash flows, supports its long-term outlook.Carvana (NYSE:CVNA) is another name to watch.
The stock has dropped sharply due to concerns about debt and profitability, but there are early signs that operations are improving.
Palantir Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:PLTR) features on the D. E. Shaw Stock Portfolio: Top 10 Stocks to Buy.
Compared to other top stocks in the D. E. Shaw portfolio, Palantir Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:PLTR) is a relatively recent addition.
The hedge fund first disclosed a stake in the company back in the first quarter of 2021, merely months after the public debut of the software firm that is now making waves across the stock market.
This holding comprised just 600,000 shares then but has grown following the initial purchase.
Filings for the fourth quarter of 2025 that the hedge fund owned 9.7 million shares in the company, up 6% compared to filings for the previous quarter.READ NEXT: 15 Stocks That Will Make You Rich in 10 Years.
Palantir Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:PLTR) has become one of the most polarizing yet heavily accumulated stocks in the hedge fund world.
In the fourth quarter of 2025, US commercial revenue for the firm skyrocketed 137% year-over-year.
Palantir’s Artificial Intelligence Platform has moved from experimental bootcamps to full-scale production.
Funds are betting on management’s 2026 guidance, which calls for US commercial revenue to exceed $3.14 billion, a growth rate of at least 115%.
Quick Read-Benchmark initiated coverage of Snowflake (SNOW) with a Buy rating and $190 price target, positioning the cloud data platform as a top infrastructure pick for the $500B+ AI Data Cloud market amid a 31% year-to-date stock decline.-Snowflake’s strong Q4 execution—beat-and-raise revenue and EPS, 42% year-over-year RPO growth, and 9,100+ accounts adopting AI features—supports a contrarian entry point, though GAAP operating losses of $318M and ongoing litigation create near-term volatility for long-term infrastructure investors.
Benchmark initiated coverage of Snowflake (NYSE:SNOW) with a Buy rating and a $190 price target, framing the cloud data platform as a top infrastructure pick in what the firm sees as a $500B+ total addressable market for AI Data Cloud.
The initiation arrives as Snowflake stock trades near $150.26, well below the new target and down 31% year to date.
The Analyst's CaseBenchmark's thesis centers on Snowflake's position as a trusted custodian of enterprise data, powering generative AI and frontier LLM applications.
The firm views the unified AI Data Cloud platform as a critical layer in enterprise AI infrastructure, targeting Rule of 50+ profitable growth with consistent beat-and-raise execution.
That execution track record is real: Snowflake posted Q4 FY2026 EPS of $0.32 versus a $0.27 estimate and revenue of $1.284B against a $1.260B estimate.
AI adoption is accelerating: over 9,100 accounts are using Snowflake AI features, and Snowflake Intelligence reached approximately 2,500 accounts within three months of launch.
Snowflake stock sits 31% below its 2025 year-end close of $219.36 and below the 200-day moving average of $215.46, pressured by macro headwinds and ongoing securities class action litigation tied to a 2024 disclosure controversy.
Remaining performance obligations hit $9.77B, up 42% year over year, signaling durable forward revenue.
Free cash flow margin expanded to 60% in Q4 from 42% the prior year.
By Manya SainiApril 1 (Reuters) - Elon Musk's SpaceX (SPAX.PVT)has confidentially filed for a U.S. initial public offering, setting the stage for what could become the largest stock market listing on record, Bloomberg News reported on Wednesday.
A public listing at a potential valuation of more than $1.75 trillion would signal that space exploration has moved from speculative venture to a mainstream investment theme.
SpaceX's growth has been driven by its reusable rockets and the Starlink satellite internet network.
The filing comes after SpaceX merged with Musk's artificial intelligence startup xAI in a deal that valued the rocket company at $1 trillion and the developer of the Grok chatbot at $250 billion.
Musk, the world's richest person, runs a sprawling business empire that spans electric vehicles at Tesla, space launch, satellite broadband, AI and social media.
"Investors could use a sum-of-the-parts analysis, but, like with Tesla, SpaceX’s valuation could very much fluctuate wildly based off how much the public believes in Musk’s vision," said Angelo Bochanis, data and index associate at Renaissance Capital, a provider of IPO-focused research and ETFs.
"So far, investors seem to be clamoring for any sort of exposure to SpaceX."LARGEST IPO EVERThe Starbase, Texas-headquartered firm could seek to raise more than $50 billion in the IPO, handily surpassing the 2019 flotation of Saudi Aramco, which remains the largest IPO on record.
A blockbuster SpaceX debut could jolt the IPO market back to life after years of subdued activity, with market participants expecting strong demand from both retail and institutional investors, some drawn by Musk's brand and others seeking exposure to SpaceX's fast-growing space and satellite businesses.
SpaceX is the world's most valuable privately held company, based on the valuation implied by its merger deal with xAI.
Several other high-profile startups, including ChatGPT maker OpenAI and rival Anthropic, are also said to be weighing large IPOs, setting up a broader test of investor appetite for new listings.
'MUSKONOMY'A listing would deepen analyst and investor scrutiny of "Muskonomy" — the billionaire's sprawling business empire and intertwined fortunes — bringing renewed focus to how his companies are financed, governed and valued across markets.
IREN Limited (NASDAQ:IREN) is one of the 10 Best Stocks to Buy According to Billionaire Rob Citrone.IREN Limited (NASDAQ:IREN) is a relatively recent addition to the 13F portfolio of Discovery Capital Management.
It was increased to 2.67 million shares and then to more than 4.1 million shares in the subsequent months.
At the end of last year, the fund owned 2.6 million shares in the firm.
IREN controls a power portfolio of nearly 3,000 Megawatts (3GW)—more than the output of the Hoover Dam.
A major catalyst for institutional interest is IREN’s $9.7 billion, 5-year contract with Microsoft.
The deal involves dedicated liquid-cooled GPU clusters at IREN’s Childress campus, providing high-margin, predictable revenue that balances the volatility of Bitcoin mining.
Ramaco Resources, Inc. (NASDAQ:METC) first appeared in the 13F portfolio of Discovery Capital Management in late 2024.
The stake comprised just under a million shares.
In the first quarter of 2025, this holding was increased to 1.2 million shares.
In the next quarter, a further addition saw the stake jump to 1.3 million shares.
A massive buying activity was registered in the third quarter of 2025, and the stake was increased by more than 300% to over 5 million shares.
A person with a cell phone who is looking for new stocksEven as Ramaco Resources, Inc. (NASDAQ:METC) faces volatility due to mixed fourth quarter 2025 earnings and a brief dip in metallurgical coal indices, institutional investors are accumulating the stock based on its transition into a high-margin critical minerals and rare earth elements player.
Despite a global slowdown in steel demand in late 2025, Ramaco has also maintained a first-quartile cost position that attracts value-oriented funds.
The company reported a $10 per ton improvement in production costs in early 2026 by resolving geological hurdles and increasing productivity.
As the U.S.-Iran war enters its fifth week, consumers are facing economic consequences that impact everything from travel planning to mail delivery.
Prices on the May contract for Brent — a global benchmark for oil prices — have surged more than 55% in March, on track for their biggest monthly gain on record going back to 1998.
U.S. oil prices are up slightly less, logging a 49% increase month to date.
United Airlines said it would cut back on running some lower-profit flights in the coming quarters as fuel costs jump, according to a memo from CEO Scott Kirby.
United's fuel bill could increase by $11 billion at those prices, which would be more than double what the company earned in profit in its top years, Kirby said.
"Elevated oil prices can push up production costs for 3M products, CEO William Brown said at an industry conference earlier this month.
He said the Command and Post-it parent could institute price hikes, similar to those implemented following President Donald Trump's tariff policy rollout nearly a year ago.
Advocates for gig-work platform drivers say these workers don't have the same ability to adjust rates when costs spike as other independent contractors.
"Drivers are feeling the cost of rising gas prices, which ultimately impacts their earnings," Yuko Yamazaki, Lyft's head of driver, said in a statement.
The average price of unleaded gas in the U.S. has jumped near the $4 mark, a roughly 33% increase from a month prior, according to AAA.
Americans are growing less confident about the economy as they brace for higher inflation, according to data from the University of Michigan's Surveys of Consumers released Friday.
All of the positive economic talk out of this week's Federal Reserve meeting had a negative impact on investors, who have now taken expectations for even one interest rate cut this year off the table.
In his post-meeting news conference, Fed Chair Jerome Powell took an upbeat view of current conditions, even with what he termed "zero" net job growth and inflation staying above the central bank's 2% target.
Powell called economic growth "solid" and rejected any notion that stagflation was taking hold.
With hostilities escalating in the Middle East and the Fed seemingly not inclined to react, investors took a dim view of the prospects of easier monetary policy.
Rather than rally on the central bank's apparent optimism, stocks moved lower.
Equity index futures also were negative Thursday morning.
The moves coincided with another adjustment in fed funds futures markets that put the odds of even a quarter percentage point reduction in the Fed's benchmark interest rate at just 17.2% around 8:50 a.m. ET Thursday, according to the CME Group's FedWatch analysis.
'Taper tantrum'Market veteran Ed Yardeni called the reaction a "taper tantrum," an allusion to earlier periods when investors revolted over the expectation of tighter Fed policy.
"The combination of war and Fed news triggered a taper tantrum in the stock market as investors concluded that monetary policy may be limited in its ability to address the war's economic consequences," Yardeni wrote in a note posted late Wednesday.
"Indeed, Fed Chair Jerome Powell barely mentioned the war," he added.
"Notably, he opined that the economy and labor markets are in good shape and that core inflation is likely to moderate in the coming months, implying the Fed will remain on pause for the foreseeable future.
"Before the war, traders were expecting a cut in June, another in September and maybe one more before the end of the year, depending on how conditions in the labor market and with inflation played out.
The question had been which side of the Fed's so-called dual mandate would gain more attention — the anemic labor market or inflation that remains above the central bank's 2% target, though well off its previous highs.
Absorbing shocks"Powell leaned on an argument that has repeatedly supported the Fed's patience over the past two years: the economy has absorbed shocks better than expected," Fundstrat analysts said in a note.
"Markets nevertheless reacted as though Powell materially tightened the policy outlook.
"The chair referenced uncertainty in the forecast more than a dozen times, conditioning much of what's to come on the oil shock and the impact that tariffs will have on inflation.
"The next catalyst is whether incoming inflation data begins to show tariff-sensitive goods easing before higher energy costs spread more broadly," the Fundstrat team said.
"Until then, Powell's framework remains intact: cautious, conditional, and still unwilling to move on forecast alone.
It also comes five months after the two leaders met in the South Korean city of Busan, where they agreed to a one-year truce in a trade war that had seen tit-for-tat tariffs briefly soar to triple-digit levels last year.
As of January, Beijing held an estimated 1.2 billion barrels of onshore crude stockpiles, enough to meet demand for three to four months.
A 'bluff'Beijing is unlikely to comply with Trump's demand to send naval vessels to help reopen the Strait, nor is the president serious about canceling the Beijing summit, said Edward Fishman, a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations.
"The bet that China made over a decade ago on clean energy — becoming the world's biggest producer of solar panels, batteries and electric vehicles — is clearly paying off right now," said Fishman, adding that Beijing stands to gain further as world leaders accelerate their pivot to alternative energy sources in the wake of the Iran conflict.
The U.S. launched trade investigations into a broad swath of countries over alleged excess capacity and failures to address forced labour.
In a statement Monday, China's commerce ministry said the Trump administration had "once again abused the Section 301 investigation process to override domestic law over international rules," calling the probes "extremely unilateral, arbitrary and discriminatory.
The iShares Expanded Tech-Software Sector ETF (IGV) is down nearly 24% this year so far.
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated (NYSE:UNH) is a long-term holding in the 13F portfolio of Tudor Investment Corp.
It first made an appearance in the portfolio in the fourth quarter of 2010.
Back then, this position comprised just over 15,000 shares.
The fund grew ownership to around 200,000 shares by the end of 2016.
Latest filings, submitted at the end of the fourth quarter of 2025, show that the fund owned nearly 350,000 shares in the company, up 13,214% compared to filings for the previous quarter.READ MORE: 33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years.
Institutional investors are closely watching the launch of Avery, UNH’s generative AI companion.
Even with margin compression, Optum Health is projected to grow earnings by 9% in 2026, acting as a stabilized growth engine while the insurance side focuses on product repositioning.
For the first time in years, UNH is trading at multiples typically reserved for low-growth utilities rather than healthcare innovators.
After falling from a high of over $600 to the $260–$280 range, the stock is trading at a Forward P/E of roughly 13.5x.
His successor may face a tougher challenge, as Wall Street forecasters raise their expectations of recession, brought on in part by the Iran war and potential for higher prices.
In recent days, economists have pulled up their risk assessments of a U.S. contraction amid heightened uncertainty over geopolitical risk and a labor market that for the past year has shown strains.
Moody's Analytics' model has raised its recession outlook for the next 12 months to 48.6%.
Wilmington Trust has the odds at 45%, while EY Parthenon has it at 40%, with the caveat that "those odds could rapidly rise in the event of a more prolonged or severe Middle East conflict.
"In normal times, the risk for a recession in any given 12-month span is around 20%.
The situation poses a tough challenge for policymakers who are being asked to balance threats to the labor market against sticky inflation.
"I'm concerned recession risks are uncomfortably high and on the rise," said Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics.
"War drives the fearsTalk of an economic contraction has accelerated as the war with Iran has dragged on.
An oil shock has preceded virtually every recession the U.S. has seen since the Great Depression, save for the Covid pandemic.
Prices at the pump have risen by $1.02 a gallon over the past month, an increase of 35%, according to AAA.
"If oil prices stay kind of where they are through Memorial Day, certainly through the end of the second quarter, that'll push us into recession.
A portion of the yield curve — or the spread between various Treasury maturities — most closely watched by the Fed has sent repeated false recession signals for much of the past 3½ years.
But the threat of a prolonged war, pressure on a consumer who drives more than two-thirds of all growth, and a labor market that created virtually no jobs in 2025 collectively raise the risk that the expansion could falter.
Consumer site NerdWallet said its March survey showed 65% of respondents expect a recession in the next 12 months, up 6 percentage points from the month before.
"I think there's much less inflation risk than [Fed officials] think, and more risk to the labor market to the downside than they stated," said Luke Tilley, chief economist at Wilmington Trust.
"The demand for those jobs is going to be there.
"Employment, of course, is a key driver for consumer spending, which has held strong despite rising prices and worries about growth.
Those twin concerns have spurred talk about stagflation, the combination of soaring inflation and sagging growth that plagued the U.S. in the 1970s and early '80s.
Fed chief Powell rejected the characterization in a news conference following last week's policy meeting at which the central bank held its benchmark interest rate in a range between 3.5%-3.75%.
"I always have to point out that that was a 1970s term at a time when unemployment was in double figures, and inflation was really high," he said.
"We estimate that 20% to 25% of the spending growth has been boosted by the wealth effect coming from the stock market over the past two years," he said.
"If you don't get that wealth effect boost, then you're going to lose a lot of the growth."Indeed, stocks have had a rough ride during the war.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average has fallen more than 5% during the hostilities — important because consumer spending and sentiment have been supported by higher-income households benefiting most from rising equity prices.
Gross domestic product is on track to grow at a 2% pace in the first quarter, according to the Atlanta Fed's GDPNow tracker of rolling data.
However, that's coming off an increase of just 0.7% in the fourth quarter, the product in part of the government shutdown.
Economists had expected that the drain on growth in Q4 would translate to a boost in Q1, but the effects of that appear to be modest.
Stimulus from the One Big Beautiful Bill in 2025 is projected to goose growth, with lower regulations and a boost in tax refunds that could help consumers cope with elevated prices.
A sustained rise in production also is a factor in the economy's favor.
But certainly, I think we're seeing a slowdown this year."
The International Air Transport Association estimates that around 25% to 30% of Europe’s jet fuel demand originates from the Persian Gulf, making it among the most exposed regions to supply impacts from the U.S.-Israeli war.
He told Ireland’s Business Post newspaper on Sunday that he expected summer airfares to rise by more than 3% year-on-year due to a combination of capacity constraints and higher oil prices for less well hedged competitors.
The budget carrier said in January it had covered about 80% of its jet fuel requirements for the fiscal year to the end of March 2027 based on a crude oil price of $67 per barrel.
Electronic Arts Inc. (NASDAQ:EA) has featured in the 13F portfolio of Tudor Investment Corp since the fourth quarter of 2011.
Back then, this position comprised just 10,000 shares.
In the years since, the fund increased its stake in the company to 200,000 shares at one point in 2023, but the holding was sold off by late 2024.
Latest filings, submitted at the end of the fourth quarter of 2025, show that the fund owned nearly 890,000 shares in the video gaming company.READ MORE: 33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years.Electronic Arts Inc. (NASDAQ:EA) is grabbing attention on Wall Street for a number of reasons.
One of these is the financial tailwinds from the successful launch of Battlefield 6, which was the best-selling shooter title of 2025.
In its Q3 fiscal 2026 report, EA reported record net bookings of $3.05 billion, a massive 38% year-over-year increase.
While the industry has struggled with digital sales, EA’s full-game download revenue surged 22.4%, proving the strength of its core franchises to hedge funds looking for high-growth consumer discretionary plays.
A major long-term thesis for institutional buyers is the potential for strategic expansion in the Middle East and mobile markets.
Analysts suggest that support from strategic partners like the Public Investment Fund is helping EA enhance its mobile revenue and global reach.
Industry expert Cox Automotive expects first-quarter sales to drop 6.5% from a year earlier and annual sales to drop 2.6%.
"The loss of EV tax credits, coupled with ongoing elevated interest rates and vehicle prices will lead to a slower pace," said Charlie Chesbrough, senior economist at Cox Automotive.
Although higher fuel costs typically boost interest in EVs, analysts say overall demand could be hit if car prices stay high.
Toyota is expected to gain some market share and retain the second spot.
At dealership lots, rising inventory levels are driving more competition among dealers, which could benefit buyers looking for better deals.
Jim Walen, a Stellantis and Hyundai dealer in Seattle, expects flat sales this year as consumer sentiment weakens, even as automakers push for growth, potentially leading to higher discounts.
The probes, which will be conducted under Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974, aim to identify unfair trade practices, particularly structural excess capacity and production in manufacturing sectors.
The Trump administration is "pivoting to its other tools to continue its tariff agenda ...
[tariff] is clearly a card that Trump wishes to have in his pocket for negotiations," said Lynn Song, chief economist at ING Bank.
Meanwhile, despite criticism from global trading partners including the U.S. against its over-reliance on external demand, China's export machine has continued to run full throttle.
Chinese exports surged 21.8% in the first two months from a year earlier, boosting its trade surplus to a record high of $213.6 billion.
"If additional investigations targeting forced labor practices are launched and China is named ... Beijing will be even more aggravated and unlikely to want to engage in deal-making with an administration that ... is at least less than stable," she told CNBC's "The China Connection" on Thursday.
The investigation comes at a time when U.S. actions against Iran have risked China's energy supplies, further complicating Beijing's calculus for the bilateral talks.
While China is temporarily insulated by strategic oil and gas reserves, it is not immune to prolonged supply chain disruptions emanating from the Strait of Hormuz, said Alfredo Montufar-Helu, managing director at Ankura Consulting in Beijing.
Here are some of the funds with exposure to SpaceX: SpaceX is the Baron Partners Fund (BPTRX) 's largest holding, accounting for nearly a third of the total portfolio.
The fund's retail shares are down about 5% in 2026, according to Morningstar data.
SpaceX also accounts for nearly a quarter or the Baron Focused Growth Fund (BFGIX) .
The fund's institutional shares are off more than 4% in 2026, according to Morningstar.
ARKVX is up more than 6% in 2026, building on last year's gain of more than 55%.
The Private-Public Crossover ETF (XOVR) has close to 45% exposure to SpaceX. By comparison, Nvidia is the next largest holding at around 4%.
The ETF has tumbled roughly 15% so far this year.
In individual stocks, EchoStar — which owns around 3% stake in SpaceX — jumped 8% on Wednesday following the IPO report.
Shares are up around 10% this year, building on 2025's 375% rally.
This holding comprised nearly 260,000 shares and was sold off by the next quarter.
Since then, the stock has been a constant feature in the portfolio of the fund.
Filings for the fourth quarter of 2025 show that the fund owns nearly 1.6 million shares in the company, a 147% jump compared to filings for the third quarter of 2025.
After ad sales grew 2.5x in 2025, Netflix has officially guided for ad revenue to double again to $3 billion in 2026.
Because the ad infrastructure is now mostly built-out, the incremental revenue from ads is dropping straight to the bottom line, driving operating margin targets to a record 31.5% for 2026.
On March 30th, Sysco Corporation (SYY) announced their plan to acquire Restaurant Depot by the third quarter of their 2027 fiscal year.
After this announcement, the company saw a huge drop in their share price (15%).
ISysco: Jetro Restaurant Depot Acquisition Is A Long-Term WinSummary- Sysco is rated a Buy after a sharp price drop following its $29B acquisition of Restaurant Depot.-
Gasoline prices over $4 a gallon, part of an ongoing supply shock in the energy markets, might seem like a cue for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates to head off inflation.
Investors instead expect the central bank to hold benchmark rates steady, or even pivot back toward cuts later in the year as policymakers weigh the risk that higher energy prices will slow growth more than they fuel lasting inflation.
In market-moving remarks Monday, Fed Chair Jerome Powell signaled that raising rates now could be the wrong medicine for an economy already facing a softening labor backdrop and elevated recession concerns on Wall Street.
Asked whether he thought policymakers should consider rate increases here, Powell responded: "By the time the effects of a tightening in monetary policy take effect, the oil price shock is probably long gone, and you're weighing on the economy at a time when it's not appropriate.
The comments come at a critical juncture for markets, which have struggled to get a handle on the Fed's intentions amid a bevy of conflicting and perpetually shifting economic signals.
Just a few days ago, traders began to entertain the possibility that the Fed's next move could be a hike.
That mindset followed some unsettling inflation news: Import prices rose much more than expected in February, even ahead of the war-related oil spike, while the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development raised its U.S. inflation forecast dramatically, to 4.2% for 2026.
However, Powell's comments — complete with the usual Fed qualifiers that there are potential cases for both hikes or cuts — helped bring the market back off the hawkish position.
Before the war, markets had been looking for two and possibly even three cuts this year in anticipation that inflation could continue to drift back to the Fed's 2% target and central bankers would switch their focus to supporting the labor market.
Inflation vs. growth"Central bankers' bark will be bigger than their bite" when it comes to fighting higher prices, wrote Rob Subbaraman, head of global macro research at Nomura.
"Right now, it makes sense for central banks to do nothing but sound hawkish in order to help anchor inflation expectations as headline inflation spikes," he added.
"However ... the pass-through to wage growth and core inflation is likely to be limited, and instead the Middle East war could quickly morph into a global growth shock.
"Indeed, concerns about the impact that the oil price spike will have on growth superseded the worries about consumer prices, echoing Powell's worry that hiking now won't fix energy costs and could cause more trouble later.
Policymakers are worried less about the immediate hit from energy-driven inflation than the risks that higher prices could sap consumer demand and hiring.
Joseph Brusuelas, chief economist at RSM, said central bankers should fear "demand destruction" brought on by the energy shock.
"The bigger risk is what comes next: demand destruction.
The Fed is in a bind policy-wise, Brusuelas added: Raising rates now risks slowing economic growth further, while standing put runs the chance that the oil situation gets worse.
"If the situation becomes more severe, the Fed will act.
But we think more likely than not that the Fed remains patient and when it does act it will be behind the curve, adding further pressure on demand before cutting aggressively.
"Carlyle Group strategist Jason Thomas echoed those concerns, saying that not only might the Fed be forced to cut, but it also may have to move more aggressively than its typical quarter percentage point stages.
The dynamic underscores a shift in how the Fed responds to shocks — looking past temporary price spikes while focusing more on the broader economic fallout.
"This is not a Fed that will sit by idly as a temporary supply shock hammers the labor market," wrote Thomas, the firm's head of global research and investment strategy.
The closure has threatened to ignite inflationary pressures in countries around the globe and darkened the wider economic outlook.
He also said the U.S. does not need a formal deal with Iran to withdraw from the country, claiming that "[i]t will take 15-20 years for them" to rebuild from "what we’ve done to them.
Stocks rise, oil falls amid hopes for Iran ceasefireWall Street has cheered the prospect of de-escalation in the Iran conflict.
Futures linked to the main U.S. averages gained on Wednesday, indicating a possible extension to a rally in the benchmark S&P 500, tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite, and blue-chip Dow Jones Industrial Average in the prior session.
Oil prices -- which clocked a record monthly gain on March amid disruptions caused by the shuttering of the Strait of Hormuz -- dipped in the wake of Trump’s comments.
By the end of 2025, its price had risen to $4,389 per ounce, a massive increase.
With such a huge spike, many investors are considering putting their money into gold, but aren't sure where to start.
The spot price represents the value of one troy ounce of pure physical gold for immediate delivery.
EconomyIran war oil shock stokes fears of 1970s-style stagflation — why this time could be differentKey Points- Fears of higher prices and slower economic growth have unsettled markets over the past week following a spike in the oil price.
- Investors fear the specter of stagflation and what it could mean for their portfolios, but 2026 looks different to the 1970s for several reasons.- Back then, a spike in oil prices led to spectacular gold gains fueled by a weaker dollar, but this is yet to happen.
"It's not normal for big markets to move as much as they are right now," the firm's managing member told CNBC's "ETF Edge" this week.
"Something is deeply wrong in the market's ability to forecast the state of the world...
You hope for the best."Beer, who has spent more than three decades in the hedge fund industry, thinks it's remarkable the number of stresses on the financial system over the past 12 to18 months hasn't caused things to spin out of control.
"These financial assets are, they're an investment, but they're also what you need to survive, to live on, to retire, and so it's the very real human side of it that I hope people will focus on," he added.
NovaDius Wealth Management's Nate Geraci highlighted exchange-traded funds that are designed to offer portfolio protection — particularly managed futures ETFs.
"This is absolutely something that is a longer-term allocation, and I almost view it as portfolio insurance," the firm's president said in the same interview.
In its fourth-quarter 2025 investor letter, Artisan Mid Cap Value Fund highlighted stocks like LKQ Corporation (NASDAQ:LKQ).
One-month return of LKQ Corporation (NASDAQ:LKQ) was -7.90%, and its shares lost 31.92% over the past 52 weeks.
LKQ Corporation (NASDAQ:LKQ) has a market capitalization of $7.54 billion.
Artisan Mid Cap Value Fund stated the following regarding LKQ Corporation (NASDAQ:LKQ) in its fourth quarter 2025 investor letter:"Q4 sales included WaFd, a regional bank based in Seattle; LKQ Corporation (NASDAQ:LKQ), a vehicle parts distributor; and Bio-Rad Laboratories (BIO).
While LKQ’s low valuation suggests little downside risk, we have become less optimistic about repairable claims inflecting higher in the near term.
According to our database, 43 hedge fund portfolios held LKQ Corporation (NASDAQ:LKQ) at the end of the fourth quarter, compared to 49 in the previous quarter.
The company has featured in the 13F portfolio of Tudor Investment Corp since early 2015.
Back then, this stake comprised just 6,500 shares.
In the years since, the fund has loaded up on the stock, growing the ownership to 469,000 shares at the end of 2016.
Latest filings, submitted at the end of the fourth quarter of 2025, show that the fund owned over 712,000 shares in the company, up nearly 6,500% compared to filings for the previous quarter.READ MORE: 33 Stocks That Should Double in 3 Years.
Hedge funds are betting on a massive resurgence in investment banking fees as corporate boardrooms re-engage in deal-making.
Morgan Stanley’s own 2026 outlook projects global M&A volumes to grow by 20% in 2026 and another 15% in 2027.
While other banks face volatile trading revenue, hedge funds value Morgan Stanley for its massive, fee-based Wealth Management arm.
The firm is well on its way to its stated goal of $10 trillion in client assets.
This provides a recurring revenue model that hedge funds find more predictable than traditional lending.
With Wealth Management pre-tax margins consistently hitting 30%, the stock is being re-rated by institutions as more of a high-margin asset manager than a risky commercial bank.
Ackman's bullish stance comes at a time when markets have been rattled by rising energy prices and sticky inflation concerns.
Trump says Iranian "president" has asked U.S. for ceasefireInvesting.com -- Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis President Alberto Musalem said Wednesday that risks are rising to both inflation and employment, and officials should be prepared to adjust interest rates in either direction depending on how the economy evolves.
Musalem said he supported the central bank's decisions to hold interest rates steady so far this year.
His base case is a scenario in which the unemployment rate remains stable around current levels, the economy grows close to potential and underlying inflation begins to gradually decline toward 2% later this year.
He could favor lowering rates if the labor market deteriorates and inflation doesn't rise, or if inflation falls.
But he would also support raising rates "if core inflation or medium- to long-term inflation expectations moved persistently higher and away from 2%."
"Allowing inflation expectations to become unanchored would risk not only higher inflation but also slower growth and a weaker labor market," he said.
The increase has squeezed households and dented consumer sentiment.
Fed officials are evaluating how a surge in energy prices caused by US-Israeli strikes on Iran will hit inflation and the economy.
Fed Chair Jerome Powell said Monday that policy was in a good place for officials to wait and see what the effects will be.
The travel booking website gained 3% following an upgrade to buy from neutral at Bank of America, citing accelerating activist engagement and rising strategic optionality across the portfolio.
Argan — The construction firm rallied more than 10.5% after reporting fourth-quarter earnings and revenue that exceeded expectations.
Argan posted earnings of $3.47 on revenue of $262.1 million.
Analysts polled by FactSet forecasted per-share earnings of $1.98 on revenue of $255.3 million.
Unity Software — The platform for game developers surged more than 11% after Unity Software issued preliminary first-quarter adjusted EBITDA of $130 million to $135 million, higher than previous guidance of $105 million to $110 million.
Shares of the conservative cable news network jumped 5% after posting fourth-quarter revenue and full-year sales guidance that came in stronger than expected.
Quarterly revenue of $52.2 million exceeded the $44.0 million FactSet consensus estimate.
It forecast revenue of $212 million to $216 million for the year ending December, more than the $206.1 million estimate.
Memory stocks — Shares of the companies that were Wall Street's favorite play to start 2026 again got hit on Friday.
- Mohamed El-Erian says he would avoid buying stock indexes at the moment.-
The former Pimco CEO is eyeing a demand shock stemming from the recent spike in oil prices.- Markets may be mispricing the economic consequences from the Iran war, he suggested.
The top economist and former CIO of PIMCO told CNBC he's avoiding stocks at the moment — particularly broad-based stock indexes — as the Iran war enters its second month.
He cited the cascade of economic consequences stemming from higher oil prices, and said markets now have to contend with the risk that a demand shock will start to unfurl across the economy.
"That is another tipping point for the global economy," El-Erian said of a potential demand shock.
Stocks have been steadily dragged lower over the past month, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the Nasdaq 100 officially entering a correction on Friday.
The Iran war has set off a series of economic concerns in markets, which starts with the recent spike in oil prices.
The worry is that higher crude prices could stoke inflation, burdening consumers until they pull back on their consumption of oil products.
Barring an increase in supply, demand destruction is necessary to bring oil prices lower.
But it risks slowing growth at a time when the US economy was already weakening, leading more forecasters on Wall Street to warn of a possible recession.
Demand destruction is already visible in other parts of the global economy, El-Erian said.
In the US, a demand shock could likely manifest as Americans reining in their spending, particularly among lower-income households, El-Erian said.
"You start with an energy shock, interest rate shock, broader inflation shock, demand shock.
Speaking to Business Insider in mid-March, he said he believed the odds of a US recession had climbed to 35% due to the war, and that hotter inflation was raising the risk for a "financial accident."
There were carve-outs, he said: someone with genuine expertise in a given area might legitimately approach a prediction market contract as an investment — wagering against a counterparty they believe is mispricing the outcome.
Total trading volume on Kalshi reached $24 billion last year, and the company hit an $11 billion valuation in December.
Polymarket, which operates offshore and is underpinned by cryptocurrency, carries a $9 billion valuation.
The boom has drawn bipartisan concern in Congress.
The Commodity Futures Trading Commission, which regulates the sector, has shrunk under the Trump administration and faces questions about its capacity to police the industry.
In its fourth-quarter 2025 investor letter, Artisan Mid Cap Value Fund highlighted Centene Corporation (NYSE:CNC).
%, and its shares lost 45.40% over the past 52 weeks.
Centene Corporation (NYSE:CNC) has a market capitalization of $16.302 billion.
Artisan Mid Cap Value Fund stated the following regarding Centene Corporation (NYSE:CNC) in its fourth quarter 2025 investor letter:"Another key detractor was Centene Corporation (NYSE:CNC), a managed care organization.
Centene’s shares plunged after the company withdrew its 2025 guidance driven by higher-than-expected market acuity (i.e., risk adjustments) on the ACA (Affordable Care Act) marketplaces and elevated Medicaid cost trends.
Centene and other health insurers can reprice risk annually, which can enable their business economics to recover over time; however, the multitude of headwinds Centene is facing, including the imminent changes from the OBBB, will likely delay such a recovery.
- Marvell Technology stock surged as much as 11% on Tuesday after Nvidia announced a $2 billion stake.
- Nvidia is opening up its system in order to link its capabilities with Marvell's.
The move: Marvell Technology stock jumped as much as 11% on Tuesday.
Shares are now up 12% in 2026 and have climbed more than 50% over the past year.
The why: Marvell stock's jump on Tuesday is thanks to Nvidia.
The AI leader announced a $2 billion investment in Marvell, who will also be joining its AI ecosystem through a strategic partnership.
As part of this deal, Marvell will be able to connect its products to Nvidia's AI systems.
Token generation demand is surging, and the world is racing to build AI factories," stated Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang.
One month later, it purchased $2 billion worth of CoreWeave stock.
Marvell spooked some investors in September 2025 when its sales forecast came in below estimates and revealed light data center revenue.
It offers a portfolio of ethernet solutions, including spanning controllers, network adapters, physical transceivers, and switches; single or multiple core processors; and custom application specific integrated circuits, interconnects, fibre channel adapters, and processors.
While up 5% over the past year, it has been a rollercoaster ride in shares of Murphy USA (MUSA).
The stock struggled in H2 of 2025 as investors were concerned about weaker discretionary spending and muted fuel margins.
However, the warMurphy USA: Iran War Benefits Reflected In The Rally (Downgrade)Summary- Murphy USA is downgraded to 'Hold' as the recent rally brings shares to fair value, with an 8% long-term return profile.
- MUSA benefits from increased fuel price volatility due to the Iran war, which should boost fuel margins by at least 1.5cpg in H1 2026.-
Despite store growth, MUSA faces headwinds from declining fuel volumes, competitive pressures, and weaker discretionary spending impacting merchandise margins.
Quick Read-BTIG trimmed its Roblox (RBLX) price target to $122 from $141 while maintaining its Buy rating, arguing that the stock’s 30% year-to-date decline has reset its valuation to the cheapest level since 2021 coverage began.
-For long-term investors, Roblox’s engagement headwinds from Russia bans and age-check rollouts present a near-term friction point, but the platform’s structural growth story remains compelling at current valuations given only 3% market share penetration against a 10% target.-A recent study identified one single habit that doubled Americans’ retirement savings and moved retirement from dream, to reality.
BTIG has trimmed its price target on Roblox Corp. (NYSE:RBLX) to $122 from $141 but is keeping its Buy rating intact, arguing that the selloff has pushed shares to their lowest forward multiple since BTIG began covering the stock in 2021.
For long-term investors, the call frames a meaningful valuation reset as a potential entry point rather than a warning sign.
The Analyst's CaseBTIG reduced its estimates to account for the Russia ban and a slight sequential decline in total daily active users stemming from churn of low-and-no-spend active users onboarded during the spring and summer 2025 viral hit cycle.
The broader Wall Street consensus remains firmly bullish.
According to aggregated analyst data, RBLX carries 27 Buy ratings against just one Sell, with a consensus price target of $106.
The platform's deferred revenue accounting model creates a persistent gap between bookings and GAAP revenue, which has contributed to headline misses and investor confusion.
CFO Naveen Chopra stated on the Q4 earnings call: "We have more conviction than ever in the ability for Roblox Corporation to grow in excess of 20%."
Chipmaker sold stake two years ago to help shore up its precarious financesGiven their fall in shares and a general decline in drinking, a get-together makes senseThe FTSE 100 group is combining its food business with McCormick to create a $66bn food giantTwenty-two transactions
The company is hardly alone in cutting roles as the tech sector looks to drop more resources on AI: Meta laid off hundreds of workers last month.
Oracle also said in its fiscal third quarter results that “AI models for generating computer code have become so efficient that we have been restructuring our product development teams into smaller, more agile and productive groups.”
Elsewhere, shares of Nike drop in after-hours dealmaking amid ongoing softness in sales in China.
Futures advanceU.S. stock futures pointed higher on Wednesday as jittery investors appeared to take some relief from signals that the U.S. is nearing the end of its more than month-long campaign in Iran.
By 03:25 ET (07:25 GMT), the Dow futures contract had increased by 270 points, or 0.6%, S&P 500 futures had ticked up by 43 points, or 0.7%, and Nasdaq 100 futures had inched higher by 227 points, or 1.0%.
"Risk sentiment has been stabilizing as equities recover and bond spreads ease.
Worries also abounded that the energy shock could ignite inflationary pressures, forcing central banks to consider interest rate hikes.
Government bond yields climbed amid these expectations, weighing on stocks.
Speaking to reporters in the Oval Office on Tuesday, Trump said that the U.S. will be "leaving very soon," adding that White House’s goal of eradicating Iran’s nuclear threat had been "attained" and Washington does not need a formal deal to conclude the conflict.
Potentially higher-for-longer interest rates dented the appeal of non-yielding gold throughout much of last month, although these concerns were somewhat soothed by Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell, who said this week that long-term U.S. inflation expectation remain anchored and policy is "in a good place to wait and see.
"Gold remains vulnerable to a broader liquidity squeeze and a firmer U.S. dollar, the ING analysts said, but noted that "so far pullbacks have been met with buying rather than a loss of confidence.
"Investors were also looking ahead to upcoming U.S. economic data, including the nonfarm payrolls report on Friday, for further direction on monetary policy and currency markets.
Nike reportsAway from the war, Nike delivered a quarterly top- and bottom-line beat, but its earnings report showed continued softness in the key Greater China region and a fall in gross margin.
Shares of the athletic apparel retailer component slipped in extended hours trading.
Nike’s results come at a time when investors have been waiting to see concrete effects of CEO Elliott Hill’s turnaround plan.
The world’s largest shoe brand has been struggling with deteriorating revenue in China and margin pressure due to tariffs, while losing out market share to rivals such as China’s Anta and Li Ning, Swiss brand On, and Deckers’ Hoka.
Nike said it earned $0.35 per share on revenue of $11.28 billion for its fiscal third quarter.
Analysts had been expecting a profit of $0.30 per share on revenue of $11.23 billion.
Sales from Greater China - a key region which accounts for around 15% of Nike’s global revenue - fell 10% year-on-year, a seventh straight quarterly decline.
Microsoft in talks with Chevron, Engine No. 1 over power deal - Bloomberg NewsMicrosoft Corporatio is in exclusive talks with Chevron Corp and Engine No. 1 over a deal for a massive energy complex in West Texas to power a data center campus, Bloomberg News has reported.
The move comes as Microsoft and other artificial intelligence “hyperscalers” rush to build out more computing capacity to meet the growing demands of AI technology.
Microsoft is projected to spend up to $146 billion on AI capital expenditures in its 2026 fiscal year.
Trump says Iranian "president" has asked U.S. for ceasefireInvesting.com -- OpenAI shares are facing declining demand on secondary markets as investors redirect their focus toward competitor Anthropic, according to a report Wednesday from Bloomberg News.
Ken Smythe, founder of Next Round Capital, said his secondary marketplace has seen a drop in demand for OpenAI shares in recent months.
About six institutional investors, including hedge funds and venture capital firms holding large stakes, approached his company in recent weeks seeking to sell approximately $600 million worth of OpenAI shares.
Other secondary marketplaces, including Augment and Hiive, are experiencing record demand for Anthropic shares.
The gap between OpenAI’s $852 billion valuation and Anthropic’s $380 billion valuation has prompted investors to acquire equity in Anthropic before prices rise, according to Adam Crawley, co-founder of Augment.
Banks including Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE:GS) have started offering OpenAI shares to wealth clients without charging carry fees, according to a person familiar with the matter.
The price of natural gas is often affected by adverse weather conditions, production increases, increased economic activity, and the availability of substitutes.
With the Bitcoin (BTC) prices rising this year, investors are also looking for alternative avenues for growth.
It operates within the Open Network blockchain, employing the proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus model to ensure scalability and security for potentially millions of users.
With the TON all-time high recorded at $7.65 on Apr. 11, 2024 and the current price at $6.39, investors are curious about its potential to surpass previous highs.
Considering TON’s positive momentum, a high percentage of profitable holders, and its unparalleled network speed, there appears to be room for growth based on both pattern and market sentiment.
Over the past 30 days, TON has displayed a upward trend, experiencing a surge of 5.35%.
This surge can be attributed to significant developments, such as Binance's introduction of perpetual futures trading for the TON token, amplifying investor interest and driving up its value.
Telegram Messenger's decision to compensate channel owners with cryptocurrency has added to the momentum, fostering a positive outlook for Toncoin's future.
With such momentum, the outlook for TON price is optimistic, with analysts predicting a potential climb to $9.22 by the end of the month, representing a substantial 44.29% increase from its current price.
In the mid-term, investors are bullish and optimistic that the recent progress in the project and overall boom structure in the market will lead the project to $10 on the second quarter of this year.
Despite the promising trajectory, it's essential to approach price predictions with caution, given the inherent volatility of the cryptocurrency market.
With an all-time high of $7.65 recorded on Apr. 11, 2024, and a current price of $6.39, TON has exhibited substantial growth potential.
The cryptocurrency experienced an all-time low of $0.3906 on Sept. 20, 2021, demonstrating significant volatility over time.
Presently, TON holds a market cap of $22.28 billion, ranking it No. 9 in terms of market capitalization.
The fully diluted market cap is estimated at $32.7 billion.
Analyzing TON historical price trends shows a clear indication of an upward trajectory, with recent forecasts suggesting a potential surge to $8.18 and even $10 by the end of 2024.
Despite the competition, TON’s current market position, price performance and trading volume signal optimism for its future growth.
The recent surge in trading volume, coupled with high profitability among holders and positive technical analysis signals, indicates potential for continued upward momentum.
According to its projections, TON is poised for a bullish trajectory, with an anticipated average price surge to $22.51 by the end of 2026.
Digital Coin Price also predicts a notable escalation to $47.95 by the end of 2030, indicating substantial growth potential for TON in the long run.
In the case of TON, Digital Coin Price's bullish long-term prediction underscores a positive sentiment toward its growth potential and market performance.
With a target price of $23.19 by the end of 2026 and $47.95 by the conclusion of 2030, its forecast presents a compelling investment opportunity for people contemplating TON for inclusion in their long-term investment strategies.
TradingBeasts, a well-regarded forecast platform, foresees TON's price hovering around $2.36 by 2026, implying a potential return on investment (ROI) of negative 64%.
These projections collectively indicate a cautious outlook on TON's long-term performance.
In the case of TON, the bearish long-term predictions from TradingBeasts and Price Prediction underscore a more conservative perspective on its growth potential and market trajectory.
How Long Will It Take for Toncoin to Reach ATHs?TON’s all-time high (ATH) is $7.65, which it achieved on Apr. 11, 2024.
According to Benzinga’s experts, the coin will reach a new all-time high before the end of May.
Current Crypto PricesWhile certain digital assets are witnessing upward price movements, others are grappling with declines.
The Crypto Fear & Greed Index serves as a barometer for market sentiment, presently signaling a bullish outlook.
Positioned within the greed range, the index rarely dips into extreme fear, indicating prevailing investor optimism.
Despite its rapid price appreciation, driven by integration into the Telegram ecosystem and strategic initiatives like revenue sharing, mass adoption may face challenges because of its already elevated price levels.
With its innovative contract capabilities and focus on decentralized applications, TON is positioned for growth and adoption.
The value of a TON token fluctuates based on market demand and supply dynamics.
ChatGPT maker pulls in up to $122bn, setting it on path to IPO as early as this yearThe company shows some business discipline in ditching Sora video app and plans for erotic chatbotDecision follows staff and investor concerns about sexual AI contentRIP Sora.
ByteDance, Alibaba and Moonshot among those targeting consumers with a promotional blitz during the week-long new year holidayAI is already smarter and more knowledgeable than all financial advisersChipmaker swaps last year’s complex framework with AI start-up in favour of equity chequeIn spite of glitches, the tech sector is certain that voice is the next frontier in AI
De-escalation hopes for the Iran war are spurring a rally in stocks and bonds, but - drawing attention to today’s date - will the market turn out to have fooled itself again?
Equities are surging after U.S. President Donald Trump said the United States could end its military attacks on Iran within two to three weeks and that Tehran did not have to make a deal as a prerequisite for the conflict winding down.
MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan took heart and soared 4.3%, snapping a four-day losing streak and putting the benchmark on track for its best one-day return since the post-Liberation Day rebound on April 10.
A separate PMI showed the country’s factory activity expanded at the strongest pace in more than four years in March, led by semiconductor demand and new product launches.
Other export-oriented markets in the tech supply chain such as Japan and Taiwan are not far behind.
The rally has so far shrugged off a report in the Wall Street Journal that the UAE may enter the conflict and is lobbying for a UN Security Council Resolution to authorise it to take part in military action to force open the Strait of Hormuz.
Brent crude futures moved 1.2% higher, retracing some of the previous day’s decline.
Elsewhere, Greece will rejoin MSCI’s developed market index from May next year, marking a milestone in its recovery 13 years after it was booted out of the benchmark.
The heating oil price is tied to the development of the price of crude oil and therefore also depends on the low supply and high demand for crude oil in the emerging markets.
(read more)Because the price of heating oil is tied to the world’s most important commodity, crude oil, emerging industrial markets such as China, India and Latin America indirectly take influence on the price of heating oil since they require more and more oil to support their economic growth and the resulting rise in energy consumption.
When purchasing heating oil, the price is also influenced by the delivery quantity ordered since discounts are often granted when large volumes of heating oil are purchased.
The end consumer also incurs transport costs since the heating oil trade needs to cover its costs and also make a profit.
China’s new home prices edged up in March, reversing a decline in the previous month, supported by a seasonal pickup in demand in major cities, a private survey showed on Wednesday.
The firm said increased supplies of higher-quality projects in core cities helped drive a modest recovery in new home sales in March.
"The continuity of this recovery in April will be critical," the firm said.
"If momentum can be maintained in major cities, it will help improve market expectations and lay a stronger foundation for stable market performance throughout the year."China’s property downturn, triggered by government curbs since 2020 on excessive borrowing by developers, has strained their liquidity, leaving many unable to service debt or complete pre-sold housing projects.
"Given weak employment conditions, elevated housing inventory and other fundamental challenges, overall market sentiment remains fragile," said Shi Lulu, director of Asia-Pacific corporate ratings at Fitch Ratings, in a research note this week.
She added that escalating geopolitical conflicts had increased uncertainty about whether the recovery could be sustained.
This was improved to nearly 2.2 million shares by the middle of 2017.
Latest filings, submitted at the end of the fourth quarter of 2025, show that the fund owned 763,000 shares in the technology giant.READ NEXT: 15 Stocks That Will Make You Rich in 10 Years.Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) remains a premier but cheap blue chip for hedge funds.
Despite massive capital expenditure requirements for the AI era, institutional sentiment remains overwhelmingly bullish, with Alphabet frequently appearing as a top-three holding in diversified tech portfolios.
The U.S. decision to launch a slew of new investigations into key trading partners has raised eyebrows among analysts, who question both the timing and objectives of the probes.
'Section 301'Put simply, Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 enables the investigation of perceived unfair trading practices to determine whether "the acts, policies, or practices of a foreign country are unreasonable or discriminatory and burden or restrict U.S. commerce.
The trade agency could also withdraw or suspend trade agreement concessions, or reach deals with the economies in question if they agree "to either cease the conduct in question or compensate the U.S.," USTR said.
The White House initially responded to the Supreme Court's ruling by imposing a temporary 10% "universal" tariff (and threatening a higher 15% levy, which could be implemented soon) on all imported goods by using Section 122 of the Trade Act of 1974.
The latest Section 301 investigations relate specifically to "structural excess capacity and production in manufacturing sectors", amid claims that rival economies are "dumping" excess production on U.S. markets and threatening domestic manufacturers.
"The U.S. blames these dynamics for persistent trade deficits with trading partners, and for hampering growth.
"The United States will no longer sacrifice its industrial base to other countries that may be exporting their problems with excess capacity and production to us," Greer said WednesdayWhat happens next?Consultations will now take place with the economies whose trade practices are in the spotlight.
Number two is that Section 301 requires a process; there has to be an investigation, and there's got to be factual developments ...
- Nike stock is falling after issuing a weak sales forecast.
- The sportswear company's sales growth has been flat to negative over the past several quarters.
- Multiple Wall Street analysts downgraded their Nike stock ratings and price targets.
The move: Nike stock fell as much as 14% Wednesday, bringing its year-to-date decline to 29% at intraday lows.
Shares are down roughly 66% over the past five years.
The why: The culprit was a bleak revenue forecast for the year ahead.
Nike said revenue will decline 2% to 4% in the current quarter, and stay in the low single-digits for the rest of 2026.
Nike CFO Matthew Friend highlighted other potential problems on the Q3 earnings call, including potential disruptions from the war with Iran and rising oil prices, raising the concern that these factors could negatively impact consumer behavior and input costs.
What Wall Street is saying: Multiple Wall Street analysts responded to the guidance forecast by downgrading Nike stock and lowering their price targets.
Bank of America lowered its rating to a neutral from a buy and decreased its price target from $73 to $55, noting that it likely won't be seeing a sales inflection for at least nine months.
"We thought improved performance, product innovation, andlapping Win Now actions would result in a return to growth in1Q; instead management has initiated guidance for sales toremain negative" into 3Q of FY 2027," wrote analyst LorraineHutchinson.
JPMorgan downgraded Nike stock to a neutral rating from overweight, slashing its price target from $86 to $52.
Analyst Matthew Boss stated in a note to investors that he expects the company to report declining revenue through the end of the year.
"The balance of the portfolio including Internationalregions (EMEA, Greater China, and APLA) continue faceactions to reset the marketplace and sell-through results remainchallenged globally, resulting in an elongated timeline for themodel to reach an inflection to revenue growth and a return todouble-digit operating margins," he stated.
Jefferies maintains a buy rating on Nike but stock but lowered its price target from $110 to $90 while also trimming its earnings-per-share forecast for the 2026-2027 year.
Analyst Randal J. Konik noted that while some areas held up well for Nike despite the high tariffs, the company's overall growth still slowed and it likely needs time to reset.
"Importantly, performance categories like running remain strong, but sportswear declined in the [lower double digits] (LLD)%, underscoring why investors should reset expectations for a smoother, faster global recovery," he noted.
Proposed Unilever Foods combination: McCormick plans to combine with Unilever Foods to create a larger, flavor-focused company with complementary brands (McCormick, Knorr, Hellmann’s, French’s, Frank’s, Cholula, Maille) and expects the transaction to be completed by mid-2027, subject to shareholder and regulatory approvals, with management citing expanded distribution, accelerated innovation and meaningful cost synergies.
Q1 results and capital priorities: McCormick reported 14% constant-currency sales growth (about 13 points from the McCormick de México acquisition), organic sales +1%, adjusted EPS $0.66 (+10% YoY), and reaffirmed its 2026 outlook while prioritizing growth investments, dividends and share repurchases.
Management emphasized concentrating on flavor leadership, innovation and digital/AI transformation, expanding Flavor Solutions and targeted marketing (including strong Gen Z/millennial response on TikTok) to drive future volume-led growth and sustainable profitability.
McCormick & Company Falls to Value Levels Income Investors LoveMcCormick & Company, Incorporated (NYSE:MKC) outlined its strategy, reviewed recent financial performance, and provided updates on a proposed combination with Unilever Foods during its annual shareholders’ meeting, with Chairman, President, and CEO Brendan Foley emphasizing the company’s “global leader in flavor” positioning and a focus on volume-led growth, innovation, digital transformation, and profitability.
A Stock Pick for Every CourseFoley said the combined portfolios are expected to create growth opportunities through levers including expanded distribution, accelerated innovation, brand premiumization, and what he described as a “scaled dual-engine food service platform.”
He also pointed to “significant, clearly actionable cost synergies layered onto an already strong structural margin profile,” which he said would create capacity for reinvestment and shareholder returns.
Foley said the transaction “will take some time and will be executed thoughtfully” and is “expected to close by mid-2027,” subject to shareholder approval, regulatory clearances, and other customary conditions.
Why McCormick Stock Could Soar After Durables Data SurpriseFoley noted two director retirements effective the day of the meeting:
During the formal business session, Corporate Secretary Jeff Schwartz said proxy materials were distributed beginning Feb. 18, 2026, and that proxies representing more than 78% of voting shares had been received.
Say-on-pay: The advisory executive compensation proposal was approved with 6,948,168 votes in favor, or 96% of votes cast.
CFO reviews performance and 2026 outlookEVP and CFO Marcos Gabriel told shareholders the company is “executing with discipline on what we can control while staying agile as we navigate external challenges,” and reiterated McCormick’s focus on “differentiated volume-led sales growth.”
He said that since 2015, the company has grown total sales at a 6% compound annual growth rate, driven by organic growth and acquisitions.
On capital allocation, Gabriel said priorities include funding growth investments, returning cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, and maintaining a flexible balance sheet.
He said McCormick expects capital investments to be 3% to 4% of net sales in 2026, with about three-quarters directed toward capacity, capabilities, and efficiencies and the remaining portion toward IT and digital transformation.
Gabriel also noted McCormick has paid dividends since 1925 and described the company as a Dividend Aristocrat.
Gabriel said the company reaffirmed its 2026 outlook on an earnings call “yesterday,” and noted it reflects continued investments, macro uncertainty, and contributions from “the acquisition of a controlling interest in McCormick de México.”
Reviewing first-quarter results also announced the prior day, Gabriel reported constant-currency sales growth of 14%, including a 13% contribution from the McCormick de México acquisition.
Flavor Solutions sales increased 3% in constant currency, including a 2% contribution from McCormick de México, with 1% organic growth “driven by price.”
Gabriel also said adjusted operating income grew 16% in constant currency, supported by gross margin expansion and top-line performance, partially offset by higher SG&A, and that adjusted EPS was $0.66, up 10% year over year, including an estimated 5% favorable currency impact.
Strategy: flavor leadership, innovation, and digital transformationFoley said McCormick’s differentiation comes from its focus on flavor rather than competing broadly for “calories,” arguing the company can participate across consumption occasions.
He outlined refined strategic priorities that include strengthening leadership in global reach and core categories, advancing the company’s position as a “go-to flavor expert” through Flavor Solutions, sharpening innovation focus, accelerating digital transformation, driving sustainable profitability, and developing a “future-ready workforce.”
He also cited product innovation and marketing efforts in hot sauce and mustard, including new Frank’s and Cholula campaigns and examples such as Frank’s Spicy Maple Wing Sauce and Cholula Chipotle Cremosa Sauce.
Shareholder Q&A: headquarters, dividends, and meeting formatIn response to a question about local Maryland job opportunities and the impact of the Unilever Foods combination, Foley said the company’s global footprint is about growth, not shifting roles, and stated that “our headquarters will remain here in Hunt Valley, Maryland.”
He added McCormick would “continue to invest in our talent to help support our continued growth and larger footprint.”
On the timing of the quarterly dividend announcement, Foley said the board meeting had not yet been held and would occur the following week.
Asked about returning to in-person annual shareholder meetings, Foley said the company considers the format annually and cited the virtual meeting’s ability to reach more people, while leaving open the possibility of change in future years.
McCormick's product portfolio includes pure spices and herbs, blended seasonings, marinades, rubs, sauces, extracts and specialty flavorings, along with ingredient systems and custom flavor development for manufacturers and foodservice operators.
Huawei's push to develop its own artificial intelligence chip has yet to drive the double-digit revenue gains of its peers, as Chinese companies strive to narrow the gap with the U.S. on AI.
Cloud computing revenue from external customers fell by 3.5% in 2025 to 32.16 billion yuan ($4.6 billion), Huawei said.
While overall cloud revenue including internal customers rose by 4.8% to 72.8 billion yuan, the main ICT infrastructure segment reported revenue growth that slowed to 2.6%, down from 4.9% in 2024.
Huawei's total ICT revenue for 2025 was 375.01 billion yuan.
Huawei's decline in cloud revenue to external customers comes as ByteDance has rapidly grown its AI cloud business in China in the last several months, albeit from a small base.
The TikTok owner is reportedly ramping up access to high-end Nvidia chips in a partnership deal with a planned Malaysia data center.
Huawei's modest cloud growth figures come amid rapid industry expansion worldwide and slower economic growth in China.
Globally, spending on cloud infrastructure services rose by 29% in the fourth quarter in a sixth-straight quarter of market expansion of more than 20%, according to Omdia.
The firm predicts 27% cloud growth in 2026.
Earlier this month, Alibaba, the largest cloud computing company by market share in mainland China, reported a 36% increase in segment revenue to 43.28 billion yuan in 2025.
Tencent said increased cloud service revenues domestically and internationally helped drive a 22% year-on-year increase in business services revenue in 2025.
Consumer revenue slowsHuawei's business grew by 1.6% last year to 344.47 billion yuan, as it continued to recoup sales lost from the impact of U.S. sanctions, which nearly halved segment sales in 2021.
The 2025 consumer results marked a sharp slowdown from 38.3% segment growth in 2024.
For 2025 overall, the telecommunication giant reported revenue of 880.9 billion yuan, up 2%, on net profit of 68 billion, up around 8% from a year ago.
The company spent a record 192.3 billion yuan in research and development, or 21.8% of revenue.
The intelligent automotive solutions unit saw revenue of 45.02 billion yuan, with growth slowing to 72% year-on-year, down from a whopping 474.4% in 2024, as the autos business captured an initial surge in electric vehicles.
Penalty is largest in US accounting regulator’s history
Beverage reset and strategic M&A: Beverage revenue fell to about $43M as cost-focused restructuring (Project Four Twenty) delivered savings, and Tilray moved to expand scale via a U.S. licensing deal with Carlsberg (2027) and the post-quarter acquisition of BrewDog IP/assets.
The 2026 Cannabis Wildcard: How Tax Reform Could Reset Stock ValuationsTilray Brands (NASDAQ:TLRY) reported record third-quarter fiscal 2026 revenue and reaffirmed its full-year adjusted EBITDA outlook, as management pointed to accelerating international cannabis growth, continued progress in its European distribution business, and cost-saving efforts in beverages ahead of recently announced strategic moves involving Carlsberg and BrewDog.
Record quarterly revenue as international cannabis drives growthChairman and CEO Irwin Simon said the company posted “record results” in the third quarter, with net revenue reaching $207 million and gross profit increasing to $55 million despite “ongoing industry and macroeconomic headwinds.”
CFO Carl Merton reported net revenue of $206.7 million, up 11% year-over-year, and said the quarter produced “strong year-over-year improvements in gross profit and adjusted EBITDA.”
Tilray’s cannabis net revenue rose 19% year-over-year to $64.8 million, with Merton attributing the increase to 73% growth in gross international cannabis revenue and 8% growth in net Canadian adult-use and medical cannabis.
Simon called the period “the largest quarter ever for international cannabis growth,” with international cannabis net sales of $24.1 million, up 73% year-over-year and 20% sequentially.
Merton also cited price compression, noting that international pricing reduced international cannabis revenue by about $7 million despite higher gram equivalents sold.
Is Tilray's Stock Price Surge a Pipe Dream of Political Hype?
Simon said Tilray Pharma revenue grew 35% year-over-year to $83 million, marking its “highest ever third quarter for sales and profitability,” driven by portfolio optimization, mix, positive market trends, and increased medical device sales.
Merton similarly reported distribution net revenue increased 35% to $83 million, aided by a focus on higher-velocity and higher-margin SKUs and favorable foreign exchange impacts.
Simon said an agreement with Alliance Healthcare expands pharmacy reach in Germany to more than 16,000 pharmacies from 13,000 previously, and a partnership with Smartway is intended to expand pharmaceutical product availability in the U.K.During Q&A, President and Managing Director International Rajnish Ohri described efforts at CC Pharma to prioritize approximately 50 top SKUs from a broader base of roughly 2,800 SKUs, focusing on both velocity and gross margin.
Ohri said adding medical cannabis products is helping improve both revenue and margins, and he noted automation in purchasing systems to improve decision-making and support pricing pattern predictions.
Canadian cannabis leadership maintained; cultivation modernization underwayIn Canada, Simon said Tilray maintained its position as the country’s leading cannabis company by revenue on a trailing twelve-month basis.
He reported Canadian adult-use and medical net revenue grew 8% year-over-year to “almost $40 million,” and said Tilray held the No. 1 market share position in dried flower, pre-rolls, beverages, oils, and chocolate edibles.
Simon said Tilray is transforming its cultivation platform through “AI-driven growing systems, next-generation genetics, and improved yields,” describing an “end-to-end upgrade” that is underway.
In response to analyst questions about balancing Canadian and international supply, Simon said Tilray expects increased capacity as it brings on its Maison facility in Gatineau, Quebec, and outdoor cultivation in Cayuga, while citing strong yields from facilities in Portugal and Germany.
Beverage results reflect restructuring; Carlsberg partnership and BrewDog acquisition framed as strategic accelerantsBeverage net revenue declined year-over-year, reflecting the company’s margin-focused actions and industry softness.
Simon said beverage net revenue was $43 million in the quarter and was impacted by deliberate initiatives intended “to reset the business for profitable long-term growth.”
Merton reported beverage net revenue of $42.6 million compared to $55.9 million in the prior-year quarter.
Merton said the company “successfully completed Project Four Twenty” and that the savings helped improve the underlying cost structure, though he added that margin benefits have been offset by higher aluminum costs and lower overhead utilization.
Gross margin in the beverage segment was 32% versus 36% a year ago, which Merton attributed to lower overhead absorption and higher input costs, including aluminum.
When asked about beverage profitability, Merton said current margins represent “the bottom” and that improving overhead utilization is central to recovery, while noting potential headwinds such as fuel surcharges.
After the quarter, Tilray announced a licensing partnership with Carlsberg set to begin in January 2027.
Simon said the partnership will allow Tilray to “produce, market, and distribute” Carlsberg brands in the U.S., leveraging Tilray’s brewing network and distribution footprint.
Merton described the arrangement as a way to improve overhead utilization “without deploying capital to acquire a brand,” while creating operational leverage and supplier scale.
Tilray also acquired BrewDog after quarter-end, a deal Simon said positions Tilray as an approximately $1.2 billion global revenue company on an annualized basis.
Simon said Tilray acquired BrewDog’s global IP and certain brewing and brewpub assets across the U.K., Ireland, Australia, and the U.S. for approximately GBP 40 million, calling it “a fraction of its replacement cost.”
In response to an analyst question, Simon said Tilray took on roughly $225 million to $250 million in BrewDog sales tied to the acquired assets.
Profitability, cash position, and guidance reaffirmationMerton said Tilray delivered a record third-quarter gross profit of $55 million, up 6% year-over-year, with consolidated gross margin of 27% compared to 28% a year earlier.
By segment, cannabis gross margin was 40%, distribution rose to 12% from 9%, beverage was 32%, and wellness was 33%.
Net loss was $25.2 million, a substantial improvement from a $793.5 million loss in the prior-year quarter, which Merton said was primarily driven by a one-time non-cash impairment recorded last year.
Adjusted net income improved to $2.4 million, or $0.02 per share, and adjusted EBITDA increased 19% to $10.7 million.
Operating cash flow used was $21.9 million, which Merton attributed largely to inventory build ahead of a seasonally stronger fourth quarter and higher accounts receivable tied to international cannabis growth; excluding working capital impacts, Tilray generated $3.4 million in operating cash flow.
Merton said the company reaffirmed fiscal 2026 adjusted EBITDA guidance of $62 million to $72 million.
Q3 net revenue: $206.7 million (up 11% year-over-year)Q3 gross profit: $55 million (up 6% year-over-year)Q3 adjusted EBITDA: $10.7 million (up 19% year-over-year)Cash, restricted cash, and marketable securities: $264.8 millionFY2026 adjusted EBITDA guidance reaffirmed: $62 million to $72 millionIn closing remarks, Simon said Tilray is focused on further modernizing its Canadian cultivation operations, stabilizing and scaling its beverage platform, and expanding its international cannabis and pharmaceutical distribution capabilities amid ongoing regulatory complexity across markets.
Tilray Brands, Inc is a global cannabis-lifestyle and consumer packaged goods company engaged in the cultivation, production, distribution and sale of cannabis and cannabinoid-based products.
The company develops and markets a diverse portfolio of branded products spanning medical cannabis, adult-use recreational products and wellness offerings.
Through state-of-the-art cultivation facilities, research and development efforts, and quality control systems, Tilray Brands aims to deliver consistent, scalable products for a range of patient and consumer needs.
U.S. stocks tumbled in a broad selloff on Friday, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average joining the Nasdaq in correction territory as investors worried about the global economic impact of the war in Iran.
Source: Investing.comThe benchmark S&P 500 suffered its fifth straight weekly loss, dropping 2.1% in the period.
The payrolls report for March is expected to show an estimated increase of 56,000 jobs and an unemployment rate of 4.4%.
The report is due on April 3, when U.S. stock markets will be closed for the Good Friday holiday.
Meanwhile, Nike will post earnings on Tuesday, while the bulk of first-quarter results are still a couple of weeks away.
Stock to Buy: ExxonMobilExxonMobil stands out as the clear buy recommendation this week.
The primary catalyst is the sharp rise in global oil prices driven by mounting fears of supply disruptions amid the ongoing U.S.-Israeli conflict with Iran.
ExxonMobil’s extensive upstream operations, including production in key regions like the Permian Basin and Guyana, position it to capitalize on the rally in oil prices.
Every $10 increase in crude prices can translate to billions in additional annual cash flow.
Source: Investing.comNotably, XOM stock is trading near its 52-week high of $171.23.
Volatility has picked up, but with a 1-year beta of just 0.27, ExxonMobil is showing remarkable stability even in turbulent markets.
That makes ExxonMobil an attractive stock to buy or add to this week as geopolitical tensions sustain upward pressure on crude.
The sports apparel titan is slated to deliver its fiscal Q3 results after the closing bell on Tuesday at 4:15PM ET and the outlook is grim.
Despite its strong brand recognition, Nike has faced mounting challenges in recent quarters, including softening consumer demand, intense competition, and strategic missteps.
Options pricing implies potential post-earnings volatility of up to +/-9%, with downside risks potentially pushing shares to multi-year lows.
Source: InvestingProNike is expected to post a 45% year-over-year drop in adjusted earnings per share to $0.30.
Revenue is projected to fall 1% to about $11.2 billion, reflecting softening demand in key markets (particularly China), inventory issues, higher tariffs, and competitive pressure.
Disappointing guidance could further weigh on sentiment, as investors question when Nike’s turnaround efforts—under new leadership and restructuring—will deliver sustainable growth.
Source: Investing.comNKE stock is trading just above its 52-week low at $51.20, with a relentless downtrend reinforced by a 1-month loss of 16.8%.
With a critical earnings report on the horizon and management signaling ongoing headwinds, Nike’s high valuation multiples and negative momentum point to further downside risk.
The RSI suggests the stock is technically oversold, but without positive catalysts, catching a falling knife could prove costly.
Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) is one of the 10 Best Stocks to Buy According to Billionaire Paul Tudor Jones.Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) has been a staple in the 13F portfolio of Tudor Investment Corp for many years.
The stock first made an appearance in the portfolio of the fund back in late 2011, with the stake comprising under 30,000 shares.
However, Tudor increased this holding to 1.7 million shares at its peak in the middle of 2017.
Following this, the position was trimmed and remained under 800,000 shares.
Filings for the fourth quarter of 2025 show that Tudor has turned bullish on the shares once again.
At the end of 2025, the fund owned 1.6 million shares in the firm, up 94% compared to filings for the third quarter of 2025.
Photo by Sunrise King on UnsplashHedge funds like Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stock because of the growth inflection at Amazon Web Services.
In February 2026, AWS reported a 24% year-over-year revenue surge to $35.6 billion, its fastest growth rate in over three years.
Institutional investors are targeting the massive $400 billion AWS backlog expected by the end of 2026.
In addition, Amazon’s advertising business has evolved into the company’s secret profit engine.
Hedge funds are buying based on projections that Amazon’s ad revenue will hit $82 billion by the end of 2026, driven by the sophistication of its AI-driven ad auction system.
Global asset manager Franklin Templeton announced Wednesday it is forming a crypto unit—Frankling Crypto—following its acquisition of 250 Digital, a crypto investment firm and spinoff from CoinFund.
The acquisition, expected to close during Q2, brings the 250 Digital team and all its crypto strategies to Franklin Templeton, which will invest in those strategies as part of the deal.
"Together, their investment talent and differentiated strategies strengthen our capabilities in digital assets and position us among a small group of global asset managers with a dedicated, institutional-grade crypto investment management team, enhancing our ability to serve clients worldwide,” she added.
While financial details of the acquisition were not disclosed, the firm noted that BENJI tokens—those representing its on-chain money market fund—will be used as payment considerations, “marking an important and innovative step toward conducting M&A transactions on chain.”
Its latest crypto initiative comes just one week after it announced a deal with Ondo Finance to launch tokenized versions of five of its exchange-traded funds (ETFs).
In its fourth-quarter 2025 investor letter, Artisan Mid Cap Value Fund highlighted stocks like Pinterest, Inc. (NYSE:PINS).
One-month return of Pinterest, Inc. (NYSE:PINS) was -5.37%, and its shares lost 41.56% over the past 52 weeks.
Pinterest, Inc. (NYSE:PINS) has a market capitalization of $12.199 billion.
Artisan Mid Cap Value Fund stated the following regarding Pinterest, Inc. (NYSE:PINS) in its fourth quarter 2025 investor letter:"Portfolio returns in the technology and communication services sectors were hurt by Vontier, CDW and Pinterest, Inc. (NYSE:PINS).
However, its latest outlook was soft due to near-term headwinds from tariffs that have been constraining spending in its consumer vertical.
Relative to mega cap social media peers, Pinterest is less diversified and more exposed to sluggish consumer spending and tariff impacts.
We added Pinterest to the portfolio in April after the stock sold off following tariff announcements.
Like other social media platforms, Pinterest generates revenue from digital advertising, which continues to grow well above rates of US GDP, as traditional formats lose share.
Historically, Pinterest’s R&D and technology investment lagged peers, contributing to lower engagement and monetization.
We believe the investment case has become more compelling under the management team that took over in 2022, which has shifted strategy to prioritize user growth, engagement, monetization and profitability—and has begun delivering on these goals."
Federal Reserve Governor Stephen Miran on Monday continued his campaign for lower interest rates, telling CNBC that policymakers should disregard the current energy price spike unless there are signs it will have longer-lasting impacts.
"If I saw a wage-price spiral, or I saw evidence that inflation expectations are starting to pick up, then I would get worried about it," he said during a "Squawk on the Street" interview.
"There's no evidence of it thus far, and you can move the monetary policy rate all you want — today tomorrow — but it's not going to affect inflation the next couple of months."
Citing market-based indicators, Miran said inflation expectations remain well anchored, despite the jump in oil to more than $100 a barrel and a price shock at the pump that has pushed gasoline higher by more than $1 a gallon.
Monetary policy works with a lag and isn't geared toward short-term market gyrations, he added.
The fed funds rate is currently targeted in a range between 3.5%-3.75%.
The stock is trading at a steep premium to its peers despite growth that is merely in line with the industry, and the chart is showing signs of a potential topping formation.
In a market increasingly focused on slowing growth, softer consumer spending, and more selective valuation discipline, Marriott looks vulnerable to a meaningful re-rating lower if execution slips even modestly.
Trade timing & outlook Marriott's chart is beginning to show the features of a possible major top.
Head-and-Shoulders Setup: The stock appears to be forming a potential head-and-shoulders pattern, with multiple failed rallies near the highs and a weakening right shoulder.
It is a stock struggling to make new highs while momentum fades beneath the surface.
Fundamentals Marriott's valuation has drifted far ahead of its underlying growth profile.
Expected EPS Growth: ~12.7% vs. Industry ~13.1% Expected Revenue Growth: ~5.3% vs. Industry ~5.3% Net Margins: ~9.9% vs. Industry ~8.6%
The problem is clear: Marriott is trading at a very large premium despite growth that is essentially in line with peers.
Bearish thesis Valuation leaves no room for error: Marriott is being valued at a superior growth story, the stock's multiple looks increasingly vulnerable if RevPAR softens or guidance disappoints.
Lodging may be rolling over: If business travel remains uneven and leisure demand continues to normalize, Marriott could face a much tougher operating environment than what is implied by its premium valuation.
When a fully valued stock begins to weaken technically, downside can come quickly.
View this Trade on OptionsPlay for Updated Pricing Summary Marriott still looks like a high-quality company, but the stock may be priced for a far better environment than the macro picture is heading into.
With growth only in line with peers, valuation stretched well above the industry, and the chart showing the hallmarks of a possible major top, the balance of risk appears skewed lower.
Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell, in a wide-ranging talk at Harvard University, said Monday that he sees inflation expectations as grounded despite rising energy prices so the central bank doesn't need to respond with higher interest rates.
As his term leading the central bank nears an end, Powell avoided questions about the longer-term direction of interest rates or inclinations his designated successor has espoused.
In the near term, he said the proper move is to look beyond the short-term gyrations of the energy market and focus on the Fed's goals of stable prices and low unemployment.
"Inflation expectations do appear to be well anchored beyond the short term, but nonetheless, it's something we will eventually maybe face the question of what to do here," he said during a question-and-answer question with a moderator and students.
As he has in the past, Powell said he believes the current rate target, in a range between 3.5%-3.75%, is "a good place" for the Fed to sit as it observes events currently playing out, including the Iran war and the impact tariffs are having on prices.
As recently as Friday morning, markets were looking at a better than 50% probability of a quarter percentage point increase amid expectations the Fed would react to the surge in energy costs.
He noted that Fed rate moves have a lagged impact on the economy, so tightening here wouldn't help the inflationary impact of the Iran war.
"By the time the effects of a tightening in monetary policy take effect, the oil price shock is probably long gone, and you're weighing on the economy at a time when it's not appropriate.
Market-based measures such as breakeven rates in Treasury yields indicate few fears of an inflation spike.
Breakevens measure the difference between Treasurys and inflation-indexed securities.
The five-year breakeven rate most recently was around 2.56% and trending lower over the past 10 days.
However, Warsh's nomination is being held up in the Senate Banking Committee as U.S. Attorney Jeanine Pirro continues her investigation into renovations at Fed headquarters.
Regarding private credit, Powell noted rising defaults, investor withdrawals and concerns about wider issues in the $3 trillion sector.
"What we see is a correction going on, and certainly there'll be people losing money and things like that.
Trump says Iranian "president" has asked U.S. for ceasefireInvesting.com -- Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis President Alberto Musalem said Wednesday that the current policy rate will likely remain appropriate for some time, as the central bank balances risks to employment and inflation.
The real policy rate, adjusted for expected inflation, was already in the neutral range before the recent increase in energy prices and has declined further since, he said.
The economic outlook is highly uncertain, Musalem said.
A baseline scenario for 2026 has real GDP growing close to potential, the unemployment rate holding around its current level, and core inflation beginning to gradually ease toward 2% later in the year.
The risks to the labor market and inflation both tilt in unfavorable directions, toward a weaker labor market and greater persistence of above-target inflation, he said.
Real GDP growth moderated in the fourth quarter, partly due to the government shutdown, but final sales to private domestic purchasers rose at a respectable pace.
Tracking forecasts indicate that first-quarter growth was around potential.
Consumer spending was soft in the first two months of 2026, partly due to winter storms, but solid wage growth, fiscal policy and wealth effects should support consumer spending in coming quarters.
Uncertainty from the Middle East conflict and unsettled tariff policy could weigh on consumer and business spending in the first half of the year, Musalem said.
Higher fuel, aluminum and fertilizer prices, which are sensitive to supply chain disruptions in the region, could also weigh on spending.
St. Louis Fed staff estimates suggest that the increase in fuel prices since the start of the conflict could cost consumers the equivalent of some 10% to 15% of this year’s tax relief for every quarter that fuel prices remain around current levels.
The three-month rates of total and private payroll growth have been narrowly concentrated in just a few sectors, and have been at the low end of estimates of the breakeven rate needed to prevent the unemployment rate from rising.
Core PCE inflation was 3.1% in January, and estimates suggest it was little changed in February.
Inflation in core services excluding housing has proved sticky, and rising prices for core goods have also contributed to sustained inflation in recent months.
St. Louis Fed staff estimates indicate that tariffs can explain about half of the excess 12-month inflation above 2%.
The effect on inflation of the tariffs implemented last year should fade over the next couple of quarters.
Musalem said he had been expecting core PCE inflation to begin to edge toward 2% in the second half of 2026, but geopolitical developments have clouded that forecast, and he now sees more risk of persistent above-target inflation throughout 2026.
The recent increases in energy prices will put upward pressure on headline inflation in the near term with some pass-through to core inflation.
A March business survey found that firms were passing on higher energy prices to their customers and recorded the largest increase in selling prices since August 2022.
Musalem said he could support additional easing if a greater risk of a weakening labor market becomes apparent, provided inflation and inflation expectations are not moving persistently higher.
He could also support lowering the policy rate to prevent the real rate from rising if actual or expected inflation falls.
He could support raising the policy rate to avoid an inadvertent real easing that would result from holding the policy rate constant if core inflation or medium- to long-term inflation expectations moved persistently higher and away from 2%.
MSC's average daily sales rose 2.9% in Q2—below the outlook midpoint of 4.5%—as a final phase of sales and service restructuring (about 130 customer-facing roles) caused temporary customer coverage gaps and disrupted demand capture.
Pricing and cost actions largely offset volume weakness: price contributed roughly 6.5% to sales, volume declined ~4%, and gross margin expanded to 41.1% with adjusted operating margin of 7.5%, helping adjusted EPS rise to $0.82 (up 14%).
Management guides Q3 ADS growth of 5%–7% with expected adjusted operating margin of 9.7%–10.3%; the balance sheet shows net debt of about $466M (~1.2x EBITDA) and strong cash conversion, while the company returned $49M to shareholders in the quarter.
MSC Industrial Direct (NYSE:MSM) executives said fiscal 2026 second-quarter results reflected stronger-than-expected margin performance and disciplined cost management, but sales growth fell short of the company’s outlook as organizational changes in the field created near-term disruption.
Management also pointed to early signs of improving industrial demand and guided to faster sales growth in the fiscal third quarter, with pricing expected to remain a meaningful contributor.
Sales growth misses outlook as sales and service restructuring adds “noise”President and CEO Martina McIsaac said average daily sales (ADS) grew 2.9% year over year in the fiscal second quarter, below the company’s outlook midpoint of 4.5%.
High Yield, Value And Growth In 2023McIsaac said that prior to the change, some customers could be supported by “2, 3, 4, or even 5 MSC representatives,” creating inefficiencies and inflating the cost to serve, particularly for national accounts.
During Q&A, McIsaac said the transition created more disruption than expected due to two issues: weather prevented planned in-person handoffs to new customer contacts, and attrition occurred sooner than anticipated after MSC raised performance standards and changed compensation.
“We had customers that were uncovered for a period of time,” she said, which affected unplanned demand capture.
He attributed the increase primarily to price benefits of 6.6%, while volume declined 4% year over year.
On pricing, McIsaac said tungsten-related input pressures are increasing, with price increase notices “between 7%–15%” and scrap carbide up “500%” since the company last discussed the issue in January.
Ryan Mills, vice president of investor relations and business development, said the company implemented a “surgical price increase” in March of less than 1% and that year-over-year price benefit in the fiscal third quarter should be “pretty similar” to the second quarter.
Margins expand as pricing and cost actions take holdMSC reported gross margin of 41.1%, which McIsaac said was better than expected and up 10 basis points year over year.
She attributed the improvement to pricing actions taken in fiscal Q1 and Q2 in response to inflation, plus continued “professionalization” of pricing processes and margin management.
Adjusted operating margin was 7.5%, within the company’s outlook range of 7.3% to 7.9% and up from 7.1% in the prior year.
Clark said GAAP EPS was $0.76 versus $0.70 a year earlier, while adjusted EPS was $0.82 versus $0.72, representing a 14% increase.
He noted that in-plant program count growth had moderated last quarter as the company “strengthened financial discipline,” including transitioning certain existing in-plant programs with suboptimal returns to other service options.
Balance sheet and cash flow; third-quarter outlook calls for faster growthClark said MSC ended the quarter with net debt of about $466 million, roughly 1.2x EBITDA.
He noted that the company amended its accounts receivable securitization facility and increased capacity by $50 million.
Operating cash flow conversion was 224% for the quarter, and free cash flow conversion was approximately 173% for the quarter and 86% year to date.
Clark said the company remains on track to achieve its full-year target of about 90% free cash flow generation as a percentage of net income.
For fiscal third quarter, Clark guided to ADS growth of 5% to 7% year over year, including a March daily sales estimate of about 4% that incorporates an anticipated 100-basis-point headwind from the timing of Good Friday.
Under that sales outlook, the company expects adjusted operating margin between 9.7% and 10.3%, with gross margin around 41% and a sequential increase in adjusted operating expenses tied primarily to higher variable expenses from expected sales growth.
McIsaac described “a tale of two realities,” citing improving industrial production trends in several end markets and customer sentiment readings, alongside uncertainty from geopolitical tensions, rising fuel costs, and the war with Iran.
In response to analyst questions about uncertainty, McIsaac said customers are focused on securing supply “against an increasing demand that they feel they’re gonna see,” and the company has not observed a demand slowdown in customer conversations.
Looking further out, McIsaac reiterated an ambition to restore operating margins to “mid-teens,” saying this will require accelerating organic sales growth and continued scrutiny of cost structures, including productivity improvements in fulfillment centers and applying automation and AI to reduce the need to replace attrition.
The company offers an extensive portfolio of cutting tools, abrasives, measuring and inspection instruments, fasteners, safety supplies and other essential components used in manufacturing, metalworking and production environments.
Chinese industrial firms saw their profits surge in the first two months of this year as officials pressed ahead with efforts to contain the fallout from industrial overcapacity and lackluster consumer demand.
The high-tech manufacturing sector led the profit gains, Yu highlighted, with industrial profits surging 58.7% from a year earlier, driven by robust earnings growth in companies making unmanned aerial vehicles and semiconductors.
Raw material producers, including non-ferrous metals and chemical producers, also reported strong profit growth, with profits rising 148.2% and 35.9%, respectively.
Spillover risksWithout directly addressing the Middle East conflict, Yu warned that spillover risks from "escalating geopolitical tensions" may weigh on China's growth outlook, while recovery across sectors remained uneven.
For the entire year of 2025, China's industrial profits rose 0.6% from a year ago, snapping three consecutive years of declines as officials reined in aggressive price competition and companies doubled down on exports to tap overseas demand.
As rising global oil prices began seeping into the domestic economy, China raised the ceiling prices for retail gasoline and diesel earlier this week but limited the increase to about half the usual adjustment to cushion the impact on consumers.
LendCare credit deterioration drove a major hit to Q4 profitability — management recorded a CAD 72 million increase to the allowance for credit losses, CAD 178 million of incremental charge-offs and a CAD 160 million goodwill impairment tied to LendCare, even as the consumer loan portfolio grew to about CAD 5.5 billion (~20% YoY).
Six-point remediation plan: goeasy is refocusing growth on its easyfinancial direct channels, significantly tightening and reducing LendCare originations, unifying operations, appointed new LendCare leadership, implemented ~9% workforce cuts to save ~CAD 30 million annually, and suspended dividends/share buybacks while negotiating covenant amendments to shore up liquidity.
Near-term outlook: management expects Q1 ending loans of CAD 5.3–5.4 billion, consumer loan yields of 27–28%, and net charge-offs of 17.5–18.5%, with loans forecast to decline before resuming growth and net charge-offs to average in the mid-teens through 2026.
goeasy (TSE:GSY) executives used the company’s fourth-quarter 2025 earnings call to address a sharp deterioration in credit performance at its LendCare business, outline steps taken since disclosing the issue in March, and provide near-term guidance that reflects elevated charge-offs and a smaller loan book in early 2026.
LendCare-driven charges weighed on fourth-quarter profitabilityEns said fourth-quarter profitability was “significantly impacted” by a CAD 72 million net change in allowance for credit losses, CAD 178 million of incremental charge-offs, and a CAD 160 million goodwill impairment charge, all tied to LendCare.
Despite those items, he pointed to continued demand for credit.
The consumer loan portfolio ended 2025 at CAD 5.5 billion, up nearly 20% year-over-year.
CFO Felix Wu said the company posted “strong” top-line performance in 2025, with nearly 20% portfolio growth and double-digit revenue growth, but net income and return on equity were negatively affected by fourth-quarter measures taken at LendCare, including a “significant charge-off of late-stage receivables,” an increased allowance for credit losses, and the goodwill impairment.
Total yield on consumer loans declined to 26.6% in Q4 2025 from 32.6% a year earlier, driven primarily by higher interest and fee receivable charge-offs related to LendCare, the impact of Canada’s new 35% maximum allowable interest rate cap on unsecured lending introduced at the start of 2025, and a shift toward larger-balance loans with lower ancillary product pricing.
He framed the plan as both a near-term stabilization effort and a foundation for future profitable growth.
Focus growth on easyfinancial channels: Management said it “reoptimized” unsecured personal loan credit criteria and is prioritizing products where it has a long track record.
Strengthen balance sheet and liquidity: Dividends and share repurchases have been suspended and the company negotiated covenant amendments with secured lenders.
He said LendCare represents about 43% of the portfolio, while direct channels and other lending represent 57%.
Wu said that excluding the incremental CAD 178 million, the net charge-off rate was 11% due to weakness in the LendCare portfolio that emerged in Q4 2025.
Wu said that in Q4 2025, net charge-offs were 40.6% in LendCare versus 12.1% for easyfinancial unsecured lending and 1% for easyfinancial’s home equity-secured business.
Wu also described a change in how the company assessed collectibility for certain delinquent loans, noting situations where unsecured loans could be beyond 90 days and secured loans beyond 180 days past due, including cases where collateral had been seized but sale proceeds were pending or where a loan modification agreement had been reached but not completed.
Under the updated approach aligned with IFRS 9, those write-offs are now shown as a bad debt expense.
Wu said this was “purely a reclassification” with no impact on net income, EPS, cash flow, or the balance sheet.
Although cash was accessible at period end, goeasy remained liable for reversals until settlement, and the company experienced “a meaningful number of payment returns.”
The restatement affected gross loans receivable, interest and fees receivable, allowance for credit losses, and delinquency and staging disclosures.
Wu also noted a correction related to over-accrual of interest income on Stage 3 loans.
While it did not prevent accurate restatement and credit-loss accounting, the company determined internal controls at LendCare “require enhancement,” and it is implementing additional controls and oversight.
Liquidity, funding access, and 2026 outlookOn liquidity, Wu said the lending business generates substantial cash flow, estimating about CAD 0.5 billion per quarter, or roughly CAD 2 billion per year before originations.
He said the company can manage originations to control cash usage while it strengthens the balance sheet.
Wu said goeasy entered definitive agreements with lenders under a revolving credit facility, securitization facility, and loan purchase and sale agreement, which kept facilities available for future funding and waived certain covenant compliance related to Q4 2025.
He said the company is in compliance with covenants after the amendments and that, under current assumptions, “new equity was not required” to comply with revised covenants.
During Q&A, Wu said the revolver would be accessible as of July 1, while access to the securitization warehouse facility depends on completing an audit and changing a backup servicer, which he said the company expects to accomplish over the next “two, three months.”
Ending loans receivable:CAD 5.3 billion to CAD 5.4 billion (down from CAD 5.5 billion at year-end 2025)Consumer loan yield:27% to 28%Net charge-offs:17.5% to 18.5%Ens said goeasy is not providing its traditional three-year financial forecast this quarter, but offered directional commentary for 2026:
gross loans receivable are expected to decline before resuming growth in the second half; yields are expected to improve as interest charge-offs decline; and net charge-offs are expected to average in the “mid-teens” with improvement as the year progresses.
Addressing questions about underwriting and allowances, Appel said the company conducted a “pretty thorough deep dive across the entire portfolio,” including both LendCare and easyfinancial, and used scenario analysis to model the back book and expected front-book originations.
Its reportable business segments include easyhome and easyfinancial, of which it derives maximum revenue from easyfinancial segment.
All Country World Index (ACWI) Local as they expect global equity markets to be rangebound until...Investing.com -- Global equity markets gained 9.1% in the first half of the year despite significant volatility, with the MSCI AC World Index reaching an all-time high.
The Canadian economy maintained a modest growth trajectory at the start of the year, supported by a resurgence in the extraction and construction sectors.
Real gross domestic product nudged up 0.1% in January, following a revised 0.2% expansion in the final month of 2025.
Gauge the potential effect on TSX stocks by upgrading to InvestingPro - get 50% off todayGoods-producing industries led the advancement with a 0.2% increase, primarily fueled by a rebound in oil and gas extraction.
"The Canadian economy advanced by 0.1% m/m to start the year, a tick above the consensus expectation and the advance estimate," noted CIBC economist Katherine Judge.
The energy sector saw a 1.2% jump as crude petroleum production in Newfoundland and Labrador and Saskatchewan surged.
However, this momentum was tempered by a significant 1.4% contraction in manufacturing, which suffered from prolonged holiday shutdowns at Ontario automotive plants.
The automotive slump rippled through the broader economy, dragging down wholesale trade and machinery production.
"That was driven by strength in goods-producing sectors, namely oil and gas extraction, mining/quarrying, and construction, which masked a decline in manufacturing," Judge added.
The construction sector remained a bright spot, posting its third consecutive monthly gain with a 1.1% increase.
Residential building and engineering projects reached new peaks, even as the real estate market saw its first decline in ten months.
Foreign appetite for Canadian debt provided a boost to the financial sector, which recorded its strongest growth since late 2025.
Looking ahead, an advance estimate from Statistics Canada suggests GDP grew by 0.2% in February.
Judge concluded that this performance "leaves Q1 GDP tracking roughly in line with the Bank of Canada's MPR forecast of just under 2%."
Trump says Iranian "president" has asked U.S. for ceasefireInvesting.com -- In a note to clients on Wednesday, Bank of America lowered its global growth outlook for 2026, warning that the economic fallout from the Iran war is delivering what it describes as a “mild stagflation” shock.
BofA analyst Claudio Irigoyen said it is revising forecasts “to reflect the economic impact of the war so far,” cutting its 2026 global growth estimate by 40 basis points to 3.1 percent.
At the same time, BofA lifted its 2026 global inflation forecast by 90 basis points to 3.3 percent, saying the conflict represents a “stagflationary shock” that will hit inflation faster than growth.
The bank now expects global monetary policy rates to be about 30 basis points tighter than previously projected.
It cut its U.S. growth forecast by 50 basis points to 2.3 percent and raised its inflation outlook, noting a 70bp upward revision to headline inflation.
The euro area saw a 60bp downgrade to growth and a 160bp increase to inflation forecasts.
China’s outlook was trimmed only slightly, with growth now expected at 4.5 percent.
Tesla's (NASDAQ: TSLA) stock remains a battleground between bulls and bears, and the latter appear to be winning so far this year.
Tesla's medium-term catalystNo one is buying Tesla stock solely for its electric vehicle (EV) or energy businesses, because the valuation (Tesla trades at 161 times the analyst consensus for 2026 earnings) is high.
Instead, investors are pricing in a substantial increase in earnings from its robotaxi and, later, the Optimus robot business, as well as ongoing earnings from EVs and energy.
Continue »However, the key near-term catalyst is the robotaxi business, not least because, in theory, it will bring a recurring stream of fast-growing income from commissions on every mile driven in a robotaxi, as well as software revenue from full self-driving subscriptions and charging revenue.
The development of the robotaxi is behind the dramatic earnings increase that Wall Street analysts are penciling in for Tesla in the coming years.
The chart below shows the mean earnings-per-share (EPS) estimate and the massive difference between the low and high estimates.
Let's put it this way: The high estimate in 2030 is almost 3 times the low figure, so assuming both analysts pencil in the same valuation multiple, then one target will be arguably 3 times the other.
The massive growth in mean estimated earnings (a compound annual growth rate of 47% to 2030) clearly prices in robotaxi revenue growth.
It's not just rhetoric; Tesla is making multibillion-dollar investments to develop a robotaxi business, including starting volume production of its dedicated robotaxi vehicle, the Cybercab, in April, and building a lithium iron phosphate (LFP) battery factory in Nevada, partly to provide batteries for the Cybercab.
Musk said at the 2025 annual shareholders meeting that "the rate at which we receive regulatory approval will roughly match the rate of Cybercab production," but with Cybercab production set to ramp up imminently, and Tesla so far failing to expand its unsupervised robotaxi network beyond a few cars in a limited area of Austin, Tesla is at risk of tying up capital and cash unnecessarily.
"Given that China has been the primary buyer of Iranian crude in recent years, a significant share of these barrels could ultimately head there," said Nhway Khin Soe, crude analyst at Kpler, adding that confirming the final destination for these vessels had become increasingly challenging.
Now, Iran has also resumed loading tankers at the Jask oil and gas terminal along the Gulf of Oman, south of the Strait of Hormuz, which could add additional capacity to crude shipments.
According to Kpler, Iranian crude loadings also hit a record high of 3.78 mbp in the week of Feb. 16, more than double the previous weekly average of roughly 1.48 mbd.
Over the years, China has built up large crude stockpiles, accumulating an estimated 1.2 billion barrels of inventory as of January, which could fulfill demand for 3 to 4 months, according to Atlantic Council.
Oil prices surged to nearly $120 a barrel on Monday, levels unseen in four years, after several oil producing countries in the Persian Gulf began curbing production and as traffic via Hormuz Strait has effectively come to a standstill.
Oil prices have since pulled back, with U.S. WTI crude oil for April delivery easing to around $84.9 a barrel as of Tuesday 10:50 p.m. ET, and global benchmark Brent with May delivery at $88.9 per barrel.
If it works, HBAR could be the infrastructure layer that powers everything from digital ID systems to carbon offset marketplaces to tokenized assets for mega-corps.
Permissioned council governance, sluggish retail adoption and a utility model that’s still proving itself make HBAR one of the most polarizing assets in crypto.
2025 HBAR Price PredictionThe price range reflects cautious optimism around network growth.
Hedera has signed deals with supply chain platforms, stablecoin issuers and carbon markets and these could begin to translate into meaningful on-chain volume.
The upper-end forecast of assumes a successful rollout of key use cases and a few splashy partnerships.
But unless Hedera starts generating real transaction demand that translates to consistent network usage, price gains could stay stuck in neutral.
That said, the ceiling in the forecast still leaves room for a rebound.
2030 HBAR Price PredictionIf enterprises continue to use the network through prepaid accounts or private integrations that don’t actually touch HBAR on-chain, there’s a hard ceiling on demand.
The low-end forecast of reflects a scenario including stalled adoption, council stagnation and a shrinking retail investor base.
Its underlying hashgraph consensus is fast, low-latency and incredibly scalable compared to traditional blockchains.
HBAR is also carbon-negative, with built-in tools to support ESG-focused applications, which may play well in a more regulation-heavy, climate-conscious future.
Factors That Could Slow Hedera’s GrowthLet’s cut through the PR gloss: Hedera has yet to prove its tech advantage translates into market leadership.
There’s little evidence of robust organic growth from builders or users for all the corporate logos and press releases.
If adoption doesn’t show up in the form of HBAR demand, investors may have difficulty staying interested.
If enterprise blockchain gets regulatory tail winds or tax incentives, Hedera could gain traction.
Even optimistic 2030 forecasts top out at $0.106, reflecting cautious expectations about retail demand and token utility.
HBAR is expected to trade between $0.124 and $0.200 in 2025, with an average forecast of $0.151.
This outlook reflects moderate optimism tied to enterprise adoption, but real growth depends on whether Hedera can generate consistent on-chain volume.
Unlike traditional blockchains, Hedera uses a patented hashgraph consensus mechanism, which allows for faster transaction speeds, low fees and greater energy efficiency.
It was the third consecutive month that the PMI was above the 50 level, which indicates expansion.
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast the PMI little changed at 52.5.
Part of the increase in the index was likely because of lengthening suppliers’ delivery times, normally associated with a strong economy and increased customer demand.
The rise mirrored a surge in producer goods prices.
Economists expect the war will boost inflation this year and some believe that would prevent the Federal Reserve from cutting interest rates this year.
The U.S. central bank left its benchmark overnight interest rate in the 3.50%-3.75% range last month.
In updated projections released alongside the decision, policymakers expected higher inflation and only a single reduction in borrowing costs in 2026.
Despite last month’s rise in the PMI, tariffs remain a constraint on manufacturing, which accounts for 10.1% of the economy.
Part of the increase in the index was likely because of lengthening suppliers' delivery times, normally associated with a strong economy and increased customer demand.
Despite last month's rise in the PMI, tariffs remain a constraint on manufacturing, which accounts for 10.1% of the economy.
The White House has agreed to pay TotalEnergies $1 billion to shelve East Coast wind farm projects that it condemned as "costly," with the French energy giant's investment set to be diverted into U.S. LNG production instead.
The U.S.' Department of the Interior (DOI) announced on Monday what it said was "a landmark agreement" with TotalEnergies for the company "to redirect capital from expensive, unreliable offshore wind leases toward affordable, reliable natural gas projects that will provide secure energy for hardworking Americans.
"TotalEnergies has committed to invest approximately $1 billion — the value of its renounced offshore wind leases — in oil and natural gas and LNG production in the U.S., the DOI said in a statement.
The agreement will see TotalEnergies shelve its offshore wind developments in New York and Carolina.
It will invest instead in the development of four trains at the Rio Grande LNG plant in Texas, as well as upstream conventional oil in the U.S. Gulf and shale gas production.
Patrick Pouyanné, chairman of the Board of Directors and CEO of TotalEnergies, was quoted in the DOI's statement as saying the company was pleased to sign the settlement agreement "and to support the Administration's Energy Policy."
Pouyanné said the agreement would allow the group to "support the development of U.S. gas production and export.""These investments will contribute to supplying Europe with much-needed LNG from the U.S. and provide gas for U.S. data center development.
U.S. Secretary of the Interior Doug Burgum described the agreement with the French energy major as "yet another win for President Trump's commitment to affordable and reliable energy for all Americans."
"Offshore wind is one of the most expensive, unreliable, environmentally disruptive, and subsidy-dependent schemes ever forced on American ratepayers and taxpayers.
Wholesale prices rose sharply in February, providing another sign that inflation continues to percolate even aside from rising energy costs.
However, the core increase was less than the 0.8% for the prior month.
On a 12-month basis, headline PPI inflation was at 3.4%, the most since February 2025, while core was at 3.9%, according to the BLS.
Stock market futures slipped following the report while Treasury yields were higher.
Futures traders pushed out the next Fed interest rate cut until at least December.
The surge in PPI came due in large part to a 0.5% increase in services costs, something the Fed would not welcome.
Policymakers have attributed much of the recent run-up in inflation to tariffs, which would not show up as much on the services end.
Portfolio management fees, a key driver for services costs within the PPI measurement, were up 1% in February.
The report suggests that pipeline inflation pressures remain persistent, particularly on the services side, complicating the Fed's path as it weighs how long to keep interest rates elevated.
The report comes with inflation worries accelerating amid the fighting in the Middle East.
The U.S. and Israel continue to strike at targets in Iran, causing energy prices to surge.
None of the inflation data so far has captured the price increases associated with the war.
But it has indicated that even before the attacks, inflation was a problem.
Separately, the Commerce Department said its main inflation gauge, which the Fed uses as its forecasting tool, was at 3.1% for core and 2.8% for headline.
Later Wednesday, the Fed will release its latest interest rate decision.
Market participants consider it a near certainty that central bankers will vote to keep their benchmark overnight interest rate anchored in a range between 3.5%-3.75%, where it has been since the last cut in December 2025.
Its goal is to facilitate the creation of decentralized applications (dApps) and the tokenization of assets.
Its pure proof-of-stake (PPoS) consensus mechanism offers high transaction speeds and minimal energy consumption.
Collaborations with technology companies, government entities and financial institutions are key to its growth.
Partnerships aimed at developing Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) and tokenizing real-world assets bring credibility and utility to the Algorand network.
Factors That Could Slow Algorand’s GrowthAlogrand growth trajectory faces headwinds from intense competition in the blockchain space where established and emerging platforms compete for dominance.
While Algorand targets institutional integration, progress is slow in this area because of concerns about security, scalability and compliance.
The volatility of the cryptocurrency market can deter potential investors and users.
Federal Reserve policies, particularly adjustments to interest rates, can significantly impact investor sentiment and capital flow.
Increases in interest rates tend to tighten financial conditions, reducing the availability of capital for riskier assets like cryptocurrencies potentially leading to downward price pressure on ALGO.
The overall health of the global economy also influences investor behavior during economic ALGO.
If traditional markets like equities and commodities experience significant declines, ALGO and other digital assets will likely follow suit.
Despite market volatility, long-term projections indicate a potential 22.51% ROI, driven by Algorand’s focus on institutional adoption and real-world asset tokenization.
While ALGO is built for speed, security and scalability, its developer ecosystem is still less mature than Ethereum’s, which could slow growth.
Additionally, macroeconomic conditions, including Federal Reserve policies and investor risk appetite, will shape ALGO’s trajectory.
Check out the companies making the biggest moves premarket: Nike — The athletic apparel stock slumped 10% after its North American revenue came in at $5.03 billion, while analysts surveyed by LSEG had expected $5.04 billion.
The stock also was weighed by downgrades from JPMorgan, Bank of America and Goldman Sachs.
Dave & Buster's Entertainment — Shares rose 7% after management said the company expects an increase in same-store sales, revenue and adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization during 2026.
NCino — Shares surged 22% after the cloud-based software company reported first-quarter revenue guidance of $154.5 million to $156.4 million, topping the FactSet consensus of $152.7 million.
Walt Disney Company — The entertainment giant rose more than 1% after an upgrade by Raymond James, moving its rating on the stock to outperform from market perform.
While macroeconomic headwinds could weigh on Disney's outlook, the firm said that makes these levels an attractive valuation to get in and buy the stock.
Oil stocks — Energy companies came under pressure as Western Texas Intermediate Crude futures once again fell below $100 on renewed investor hopes that an end to the U.S.-Iran war is near.
Ares Management — Shares rose more than 3% despite the company revising down its first quarter net performance income guidance on Tuesday.
The following slide deck was published by Lamb Weston Holdings, Inc. in conjunction with their 2026 Q3 earnings call.
After multiple interest rate hikes by the Fed in response to skyrocketing inflation, it finally lowered the federal funds rate three times in late 2024 and rates continued on that downward trend though out 2025.
"I write today with grave concern that President Trump is weakening an already fragile economy, and will continue to do so, pouring billions of dollars into a war that will drive up prices, slow growth, and leave American families with higher costs while they are forced to foot the bill," Warren said, according to a letter exclusively obtained by CNBC.
Official government inflation figures are not available yet for March, but surging energy costs — and pass-through effects — are likely to boost prices at least as long as the fighting continues.
Earlier in the week, Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell did not directly address the war but said he expected energy prices would rise but wasn't sure of the longer-term impacts.
The Fed voted to hold its benchmark rate steady, in part citing uncertainty over the war.
“When job gains are concentrated in just a few areas, the benefits of expansion from month to month are felt unevenly”.
Renter said that “ideally, we’d like to see growth across industries, where workers can find jobs and employers can find qualified staff, across the economy.”ADP found that year-over-year pay for job-stayers rose 4.5% in March, hitting $61,900.
Trump says Iranian "president" has asked U.S. for ceasefireInvesting.com — After a month of significant volatility due to the War in the Middle East, April has kicked off on a much brighter note, following a nearly 3% daily gain on the S&P 500 in the last market session of March.
After a massive rally on OXY, which started even before the war, our AI models decided to remove the stock from its list of picks during its latest rebound, on the first of April, flagging "Stretched Valuation, Modest Returns.
- Liquidity and financial flexibility remain a relative constraint, with total debt still around $14 billion.- That said, OXY’s story has real bright spots — a Fitch credit upgrade, record production of 1.4 million barrels per day, and an 8% dividend increase all signal operational progress.
NCL stock will move higher in the next nine monthsIt's been a rough start to the year for the cruise line operator.
NCL stock declined 16% through the first three months of 2026.
I would love to predict that NCL will finally outperform Carnival (NYSE: CCL) and Royal Caribbean (NYSE: RCL), but that has historically been a dud of a wager.
Just looking over the past 12 months, Carnival stock and Royal Caribbean shares have returned more than 30%, while Norwegian stock has declined in that time.
It trades at the lowest revenue and earnings multiples.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean, and NCL all have trailing revenue growth in the single digits.
Here's a positive prediction to kick things off in an industry that's become too cheap to ignore: NCL stock will move higher over the nine final months of 2026.
It may or may not be enough to push year-to-date results higher, but I think the stock will close out the year higher than it is right now.
It will introduce a quarterly dividendThe cruise line industry's post-pandemic recovery is complete.
All three major players are now posting record revenue.
Another sign that things are back to normal is that Royal Caribbean reinstated its quarterly distributions in the spring of last year.
NCL can't bring back a quarterly dividend, since it never offered one before.
As the only one of the three with a forward price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio in the single digits, it can certainly afford to play the payout game.
It can still grow its business and pay down its debt.
It wouldn't take much from NCL's earnings for it to yield more than its peers.
And it would finally have the lead in something valuable beyond just valuation.
- The investor who coined the HALO trade focused on hard assets says he strayed from the framework.
- The HALO trade is viewed as a hedge against AI volatility.
Josh Brown created an investing framework that serves as a hedge against AI volatility.
Brown, the CEO of Ritholtz Wealth Management, is known for coining the "HALO trade," an acronym meaning Heavy Assets and Low Obsolescence.
In a blog post published at the end of March, he said he bought the iShares Expanded Tech-Software Sector ETF (IGV) on Friday, March 27, when it closed at its lowest level since 2023.
The software ETF was among the hardest hit by the market's AI sell-off in early 2026 with many of its top weighted holdings falling victim to the so-called "SaaSpocalypse."
"Software companies are trading at historically low premiums versus the market," they wrote, highlighting that despite this dramatic downturn in valuation, so far, no software company reported expecting AI to have a negative effect on revenue this year.
Jefferies, JPMorgan, Morningstar, and Wedbush have released AI sell-off stock pick lists and software names like Intuit, Salesforce, ServiceNow, and Adobe made the cut.
In its fourth-quarter 2025 investor letter, Artisan Mid Cap Value Fund highlighted stocks like NVent Electric plc (NYSE:NVT).
The one-month return of NVent Electric plc (NYSE:NVT) was 3.91%, and its shares gained 115.33% of their value over the last 52 weeks.
On March 31, 2026, NVent Electric plc (NYSE:NVT) stock closed at $118.28 per share, with a market capitalization of $19.13 billion.
Artisan Mid Cap Value Fund stated the following regarding NVent Electric plc (NYSE:NVT) in its fourth quarter 2025 investor letter:"Our top contributors in 2025 were aforementioned Expedia and NVent Electric plc (NYSE:NVT), a provider of electrical connections and protection solutions.
Organic sales growth has been driven by momentum in its data center and power utilities businesses.
nVent has a leading position in liquid cooling solutions, a small piece of its overall revenue mix, which have experienced strong demand as hyperscalers invest huge sums to build out AI infrastructure.
Prior to the April selloff, nVent’s stock fell in sympathy with other AI beneficiaries after the emergence of the Chinese DeepSeek AI model temporarily spooked markets.
Rapid growth in the business over the past few years has been supported by multiple secular tailwinds—electrification, clean energy, energy efficiency, digitalization and onshoring, to name a few—in addition to AI.
The company has also executed well, allocating capital wisely by deploying free cash flow into product development, accretive M&A and return of capital via dividends and share repurchases."
Celebrated is the only word for a gain of 1,125-point gain in the Dow Jones Industrial Average and a 3.8% gain in the Nasdaq Composite Index.
Related: Goldman Sachs resets oil-price bets as war rages onAs stock rise, crude oil slidesCrude oil in New York settled at $101.38 a barrel, down 1.5% on the day but was up to $102.34 early in the evening.
Related: Longtime oil analyst sends dire oil price messageConfusion reignsSo, do we really know what's going on?
In 2026, the stock market will observe 10 holidays, along with two early closures.
Many stock market holidays are also federal holidays and banking holidays.
The U.S. stock market and bond market will be closed on Good Friday.
The U.S. stock market’s regular hours are 9:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. Eastern time, Monday through Friday.
The two major U.S. stock exchanges, the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and the Nasdaq, each observe these trading hours.
The trading volume is lighter after hours, so prices can be more volatile, and your orders may not execute fully.
Stock market holidays for 2026The NYSE and Nasdaq will observe the following holidays in 2026:-New Year’s Day: Thursday, Jan. 1-Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day:
For holidays that fall on the same date each year, like the Fourth of July and Christmas Day, the stock market is closed the Friday before if the holiday falls on a Saturday or the Monday after if it falls on a Sunday.
One exception: If New Year’s Day falls on a Saturday, stock exchanges are open for regular hours the Friday before, and the holiday simply isn’t observed by Wall Street.
The bond market’s schedule is determined by the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA).
Normal bond market hours are 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Eastern time Monday through Friday.
In 2026 and 2027, bond markets close for all 10 stock market holidays, in addition to Indigenous Peoples’ Day (formerly known as Columbus Day) in October and Veterans Day in November.
The bond market also closes early at 2 p.m. on the following days:-Thursday before Good Friday (Maundy Thursday)-Friday before Memorial Day-July 2 (before Independence Day)-Friday after Thanksgiving (Black Friday)-Dec. 24 (Christmas Eve)-Dec. 31 (New Year’s Eve)Learn more: How much money should I have in my 401(k)?
The stock market generally operates as usual for the following holidays, unless they fall on a weekend:-Valentine's Day-Ash Wednesday-Month of Ramadan-St. Patrick's Day-Passover-Cinco de Mayo-Rosh Hashanah-Yom Kippur-Halloween-Boxing Day-Chanukah-Kwanzaa-New Year's EveLearn more: IRS raises 401(k) contribution limits for 2026.
Is the stock market open FAQsIs the stock market closed on the Friday after Thanksgiving?
The stock market is open on the Friday after Thanksgiving, but its trading session closes early at 1 p.m. Eastern time.
It’s one of two or three days annually that the stock market closes before 4 p.m.Are crypto markets always open?
Unlike the stock and bond markets, the crypto market doesn’t observe a holiday schedule because cryptocurrency trades through a decentralized network of computers instead of through central exchanges.
Veterans Day isn’t a stock market holiday, as both the New York Stock Exchange and Nasdaq are open for regular hours.
However, the bond market does close in observance of Veterans Day.
Kevin Warsh could face a buzzsaw when he takes over as Federal Reserve chair — a Hobson's choice between fighting inflation and protecting the labor market.
The Fed is duty bound to support both sides of its sometimes conflicting dual mandate: stable prices and full employment.
There essentially are three ways to do that: raise interest rates to fight inflation by dampening demand, lower rates to support economic growth and hiring, or — most preferably — keep rates where they are to maintain a balance between the two.
Brewing economic conditions suggest, however, that when Warsh takes office, presumably in May, central bank policymakers could be facing both a wobbly jobs picture and sticky inflation made worse by spiraling energy prices.
"Stagflation, or high inflation and low growth, is a Fed official's worst nightmare.
The president and other administration officials have been contending — at least before the war began — that inflation is no longer a significant threat to the economy and that the Fed should continue the rate cuts it began last September.
Even before the energy surge, manufacturing costs had been rising.
An Institute for Supply Management price gauge hit a nearly four-year high in February, with purchasing managers at U.S. factories reporting continued cost increases, fed in part by Trump's tariffs.
Ludtka warned that if energy prices remain elevated, headline inflation could climb over 3% even as consumer finances look pressured and the labor market is softening.
Higher fertilizer costs often translate into rising food prices, raising the possibility of renewed inflation pressures ahead.
That division is only going to increase from here," Ludtka said.
"If oil prices remain high, and inflation is likely to remain well-supported in the face of a weak labor market, it's going to force them to move to one side or the other.
"Despite the threat of higher inflation, Ludtka added he believes "the path of least resistance for policymakers is lower rates.
"One thing the Fed — and Warsh as incoming chair — has in its favor is a consumer who continues to spend, though the strength is concentrated among higher-income households.
Consumer spending rose 3.2% in February from a year earlier, the biggest increase in more than three years, according to Bank of America data.
The firm noted, however, that after-tax wage growth for top earners rose 4.2% annually compared with just 0.6% for lower earners — the widest gap in the data series going back to 2015.
Monetary policy has proven to be an ineffective weapon against inequality.
Still, Fed officials might be more tempted to look through a temporary oil spike if further signs emerge that consumers — particularly among these at the lower end of the income spectrum — are struggling with both higher prices and a weakening labor market.
Bank of America economists also believe the market may be misreading the current situation by anticipating that the Fed automatically will prioritize inflation.
"The market response to the oil price spike has been mostly hawkish," BofA economist Aditya Bhave said in a note.
A hawkish Fed is more apt to focus on inflation and keep rates higher.
Systematic selling flows and negative gamma positioning suggest more downside risk lies ahead.- Oil Remains the Key Macro Variable: Crude oil closed at its highest level of the current move and appears to be consolidating rather than topping, with the $84–$86 range acting as a floor — continued strength here would keep upward pressure on inflation swaps and tighten financial conditions further.
And financial conditions, for the most part, are the enemy of risk assets.
The Shift in the Oil–Financial Conditions RelationshipHistorically, it was always kind of viewed that when financial conditions tightened, oil would come down, because oil was a growth proxy.
When financial conditions were tightening, it was an indication of global growth slowing, and therefore oil prices would decline.
It was leading to inflation, and financial conditions tightened as a result.
There was a bit of a flight-to-safety feel to Friday afternoon, especially when you consider that the dollar was stronger as well and risk assets like the S&P 500 really got hammered.
Fed Expectations and Inflation SwapsFinally, we have interest rates going up because the market is beginning to go through this process of thinking about what the Fed is going to do when it comes to raising rates if we continue to see oil prices going higher.
You can see that Fed fund futures have repriced to around 3.70%, which isn’t indicating a rate hike, but it’s certainly not indicating any more rate cuts.
When you look at what the term structure of CPI inflation swaps is telling us, inflation swaps right now are pricing in significantly higher inflation, and then maybe it begins to steadily come down over time.
This is, of course, assuming that oil prices don’t go any higher or only stay elevated for a period of time — because clearly, if oil prices continue to go up or stay elevated for a longer period of time, you’re going to continue to see these inflation expectations lift.
I still think that ultimately, where oil goes dictates where financial conditions go, which dictates where risk assets go and just about everything else.
Trump says Iranian "president" has asked U.S. for ceasefireWith wars and inflation, why is gold lower?
Short answer: Gold is only lower short-term, as the Fed looks like they will keep rates high, and algorithmic traders say this hurts gold and stocks, but anything can change at any time, for patient investors.
The Wall Street Journal prefers shorter-term views, writing on Friday (in “Sell-off in Precious Metals Accelerates”) about gold and silver’s “worst daily declines on record Thursday,” but certainly not the worst declines, like the 80% drop in silver and -50% gold in three months in early 1980.
Both gold and stocks are vital portions of any portfolio, with stocks claiming the majority position and leadership role.
Gold is more of a currency hedge than a stock market hedge, but it so happens that gold has beaten most market indexes over most holding periods since the 1960s.
Gold’s average price in 1998 was $294, so even with its recent correction to $4,500, it is up 1430%, while the S&P 500 is up about one-third as much, +480.
The dollar outperformed gold for most of the 1980s, but that was a time of strong market growth, a strong dollar and strong American global leadership.
this winning streak would go on forever and we would pay off the entire national debt within a decade, by 2011.
From the CBO’s document, here is their guess, and miss:All that is pretty much ancient history by now, but the endless wars, the Fed’s panicky reaction to 2008 (with zero-interest rates for the following eight years – effectively, the entire 8-year Obama presidency), led to massive deficits from the end of that crisis until today, especially in the post-COVID years.
These massive debts clearly demonstrate the major cause of gold’s 18-fold rise since 2001.
Deposit account rates are on the decline — but the good news is you can lock in a competitive return on a certificate of deposit (CD) today and preserve your earning power.
The Fed cut rates three times in 2025 and we're seeing CD rates steadily come down from their peak.
A dividend stock refers to a company that is known to regularly reward their shareholders with a fraction of their profits on a monthly, quarterly, semi-annually or sometimes even a yearly basis.
Dividend paying companies provide a steady stream of income to shareholders, and many still offer the potential for stock price appreciation.
Given ongoing economic uncertainty, investors hunt for dividend-paying stocks that are undervalued, as only companies that have quality fundamentals and a robust foundation have the financial stability to maintain their dividends during questionable economic periods.
Another great aspect of adding dividend stocks to one’s portfolio is the ability to reinvest any dividends paid out by a company, using them to buy more shares (sometimes called ‘DRIP’), and taking advantage of compounding returns.
Now, the bank has assets of $30 billion, more than 2,700 employees and over 240 offices in eight states.
The company operates through Contract Talent Solutions, Permanent Placement Talent Solutions, and Protiviti segments.
Reducing the world’s dependency on the dollar is in the interest of every country that buys energy, issues debt or tradesSovereign exposure to the corporate sector has crossed 20% of GDP
MillerKnoll posted fiscal third-quarter adjusted earnings of 43 cents on revenue of $926.6 million.
Karman — Shares were marginally higher after the aerospace and defense company posted fiscal fourth-quarter adjusted earnings of 11 cents per share, under the 12 cents analysts polled by FactSet had expected.
However, Karman's $134.5 million revenue came in above the $132.6 million consensus estimate.
The company reported a loss of 97 cents per share in the fourth quarter, which was narrower than the expected consensus of $1.04 a share, per FactSet.
Research and development expense of $37.6 million came in line with analysts' expectations.
Worthington Steel — Shares plummeted about 15% after the steel processing company posted fiscal third-quarter adjusted earnings of 27 cents per share, marking a decline from the 35 cents per share earned in the year-ago period.
Perfect fitAt US research university Virginia Tech, safety helmets are put through punishing testing procedures and ranked for efficacy.
The German bicycle firm has chosen to work with a London-based company, founded by mechanical engineer Jamie Cook, which devised the “Release Layer System” (RLS) that gives the helmet its enviable safety ranking.
Mips, one popular safety system, consists of a sliding layer inside the helmet that absorbs the impact and protects the brain.
“It’s incredible what Mips has done, but we’ve done even better from a safety performance perspective.”
Seven years of facial curvature data has fed into this new design, which adjusts the geometry of the nose bridge to keep a tight seal while reducing pressure by 15 per cent over previous models.
The process is simple: place your order, download an app and when prompted scan your face using your phone camera (as you would when setting up Face ID or Face Unlock).
Levels of intensity and heat can be adjusted via buttons, but it’s more easily done via the Urevo app, which offers tailored massages and tracks recovery data.
Bond yields fell Monday, as stocks continued a month-long downturn.
Then, the rate will increase or decrease depending on several factors, such as the economy, and the maximum amount your rate can change according to your contract.
Adjustable rates sometimes start lower than fixed rates, but once the initial rate-lock period ends, you risk your interest rate going up.
The dollar’s safe-haven status was already under pressure from chaos around U.S. tariff policy and concerns around Federal Reserve independence that haven’t gone away.
A rising risk premium - additional compensation demanded for higher inflation - has also wiped out Fed interest rate cut bets this year and broadly weighed on riskier assets.
In the meantime, markets have hung on U.S. President Donald Trump’s every word as he swings between war escalation and de-escalation, with volatility spiking across asset classes.
"For a lot of the surprise policy moves by the Trump administration, there’s a direct impact, but the indirect impact has almost always been to increase the risk premium on U.S. assets by increasing the range of uncertainty about the sets of policy reversals he’s willing to pull," said Steven Englander, global head of G10 FX research at Standard Chartered.
"Oil has eased from an early-March peak of $119.50 - around 65% higher than pre-war levels - to about $104 a barrel, still up over 40% and stock markets rallied on Wednesday.
Quick Read-SanDisk (SNDK) has surged 1,350% since separating from Western Digital in February 2025, trading at $697.99 with Q3 guidance for $4.40-$4.80B in revenue and gross margins of 65%-67%, up from 26% a year ago, driven by 76% year-over-year datacenter NAND growth.
Bank of America has a $900 price target citing hyperscaler demand, and the company is investing $1B in Nanya Technology to secure long-term DRAM supply.-AI infrastructure buildout has created a structural NAND flash storage shortage that analysts expect to persist until 2028, making SanDisk’s datacenter business a critical beneficiary of hyperscaler cloud spending.-A recent study identified one single habit that doubled Americans’ retirement savings and moved retirement from dream, to reality.
SanDisk (NASDAQ:SNDK) has delivered one of the most extraordinary post-spinoff runs in recent memory.
Since separating from Western Digital (NASDAQ:WDC) in February 2025, shares have climbed from under $50 to $697.99 as of April 1, 2026, a 1,350% gain over the past 12 months.
The question is whether shares can reach $1,000 in the year ahead.
Wall Street Is Bullish, But the Consensus Target UndershootsWall Street's average 12-month price target sits at $790.34, implying just 13.23% upside from current levels.
15 analysts rate the stock Buy or Strong Buy, with zero Sell ratings.
Bank of America carries a $900 price target, citing strong hyperscaler demand and a favorable mix shift toward high-margin cloud products.
SanDisk has beaten earnings estimates in each of its last four quarters, with surprise margins of 23.72%, 866.67%, 37.08%, and 74.97%, suggesting results will continue to outpace forecasts.
The Path to $1,000At today's price of $697.99, SanDisk trades at 8x forward earnings.
At $1,000, shares would trade at a modest premium to the current multiple and well within range for a company growing revenue at 61.3% year-over-year.
The S&P 500 trades at roughly 21x to 23x forward earnings.
A premium multiple for SanDisk's growth trajectory is far from aggressive.
Trump says Iranian "president" has asked U.S. for ceasefireLONDON, April 1 (Reuters) - Euro zone manufacturers faced soaring input costs and supply chain disruptions in March due to the Iran war, even as underlying tepid demand threatened to undermine the sector’s fragile recovery, a survey showed.
The conflict in the Middle East has disrupted global logistics networks, causing delivery delays and pushing input price inflation to its highest levels since October 2022, distorting headline growth measures.
"It’s exactly the same as during the pandemic - this is a supply shock - normally longer delivery times are associated with too much demand in a really healthy environment but in a supply shock it falsely elevates the PMI," said Chris Williamson, chief business economist at S&P Global.
A reading above 50.0 indicates growth in activity.
The new orders sub-index - a key gauge of demand - matched February’s 46-month high but growth remained modest.
Production rose for a third consecutive month, with the output sub-index edging up to 52.0 from 51.9 in February, marking a seven-month high.
Backlogs of work increased for the first time since mid-2022, signalling capacity pressures, yet companies cut jobs at a faster rate in March.
Germany and Italy recorded their strongest readings in 46 and 37 months respectively, while Spain was the only country in contraction territory.
- US stocks skyrocketed during Tuesday's trading session in a hearty relief rally.
- Investor hopes for an end to the war in Iran were reignited by comments from Trump.- Gains extended on unconfirmed reports that Iran's president is open to ending the war.
US stock investors finally got what they've been waiting for: an apparent two-sided de-escalation of the Iran war.
Tuesday's initial increase came after a Wall Street Journal report that President Trump would consider an end to the Iran war, even without a reopening of the Strait of Hormuz.
The surge ends a difficult month for stocks on a positive note, although US indexes are still down sharply since the start of the war.
WTI crude was down 1% when the US equity market closed, pulling back from deeper losses of as much as 3%.
Yields have spiked as the war hits the one month mark reflecting expectations for higher inflation and higher interest rates driven by the conflict in the Middle East.
Marko Kolanovic, JPMorgan's former quant chief, highlighted the rise in stocks comes at in time for month-end pension fund rebalancing for institutional investors.
Adam Cochran, a policy consultant and venture fund investor, warned that Pezeshkian may not be the deciding voice in Iran's current government and that the market may be getting ahead of itself.
He also noted that the last time that Iran signaled they were ready to come to a deal, it included control of the Strait of Hormuz, which is essentially a non negotiable for the US.
The European Central Bank opted to keep interest rates on hold at its latest monetary policy meeting, saying the war in Iran has made the outlook "significantly more uncertain".
Policymakers said the conflict had created "upside risks for inflation and downside risks for economic growth," prompting traders to up bets on potential ECB rate hikes later this year.
The ECB said the ongoing conflict "will have a material impact on near-term inflation through higher energy prices", while its medium-term implications would depend "both on the intensity and duration of the conflict and on how energy prices affect consumer prices and the economy.
"Regional central banks, the Bank of England, Sweden's Riksbank and Swiss National Bank, also opted to keep rates on hold on Thursday, as the war continues to cloud the outlook for inflation and growth.
Before the war on Iran began in late February, Europe's central banks enjoyed a more benign inflation outlook as interest rates looked set to remain stable or keep falling across the region.
But the conflict has upset the economic equilibrium, threatening Europe's energy supplies, growth and the outlook for consumer prices.
The ECB was not expected to change stance on its benchmark interest rate (and indeed kept its deposit facility rate at 2% on Thursday) even before the war began, with euro zone inflation data remaining near the central bank's 2% target.
The latest flash data from Eurostat showed inflation in the euro zone rose to 1.9% in February, up from 1.7% in January.
But the central bank on Thursday revised medium-term inflation expectations upwards.
Headline inflation is now expected to average 2.6% in 2026, 2% in 2027 and 2.1% in 2028 in the bank's baseline scenario.
It blamed a rise in energy prices for the revisions.
In December, the ECB had said it expected headline inflation to be just shy of 2% in 2026 and 2027, before increasing to its target of 2% in 2028.
At the central bank's last meeting in February, ECB President Christine Lagarde had repeated a mantra that the euro zone's economic outlook was "in a good place" but warned against complacency.
"We are starting from a good base, so I'm not saying we are in a good place, [I'm saying] we are both well-positioned and well-equipped to deal with the development of a major shock that is unfolding," she told CNBC's Annette Weisbach.
Bank of EnglandThe Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee voted "unanimously" keep its benchmark interest rate on hold at 3.75% on Thursday.
Before the war in Iran erupted in late February, the BOE had been expected to cut its key interest rate, known as 'Bank Rate,' at its March meeting, but the conflict has sent global energy prices soaring,"Conflict in the Middle East has caused a significant increase in global energy and other commodity prices, which will affect households' fuel and utility prices and have indirect effects via businesses' costs," the BOE said in a statement.
"The MPC said it was also assessing the implications for inflation, which prior to the war it had expected to decline toward its 2% target, and of the weakening in economic activity that is likely to result from higher energy costs.
The yield on the benchmark 10-year gilt, or bond, was up 14 basis points at 4.874%, while the interest rate on the 2-year gilt was 20 basis points higher at 4.31%.
The Bank of England's are uniquely British: stubborn inflation, a weakening jobs market, and little fiscal wiggle room," Madison Faller, Global Investment Strategist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank.
"Unlike the U.S., buoyed by solid growth, or Europe, which has made real progress on disinflation, the BOE is walking a tightrope between supporting a sluggish economy and not letting inflation run amok.
Swiss National BankThe Swiss National Bank kept its main policy rate on hold at 0.00% on Thursday, with the central bank stating that its "willingness to intervene in the foreign exchange market has increased" in the context of the Middle East conflict.
Asked if there was a "trigger point" at which the SNB would intervene in FX markets, SNB Chairman Martin Schlegel told CNBC Thursday that policymakers were "looking at monetary policy every quarter, and there we decide on the use of our tools, which is the interest rate and also FX interventions."
"At this meeting, we came to the conclusion that the heightened willingness to intervene in the FX market is what we need for monetary policy right now," he told CNBC's Carolin Roth.
Schlegel insisted any intervention would be for monetary policy reasons rather than seeking any competitive advantage for Swiss exporters.
While the war in the Middle East makes the forecast very uncertain, the Riksbank said, it will monitor developments closely and will adjust monetary policy if the outlook for inflation and economic activity so requires.
we don't know how long-lasting this oil price increase will be," he told CNBC's Karen Tso.
"We have a main scenario which is a little bit higher inflation, a touch lower growth, but nothing dramatic.
In Sweden, there are fundamentally favourable conditions for the economic recovery to continue, the Riksbank said, with the inflation rate (currently at 1.7%) still below its 2% target.
"Underlying inflation has been unexpectedly low in recent outcomes.
The war in the Middle East is expected to dampen growth somewhat in the near term and push up CPIF inflation as a result of higher energy prices.
On Monday Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell outlined Republicans plans for another stimulus bill, which would send most Americans another $1,200 stimulus check.
The stimulus checks themselves are actually one of the least controversial parts of an overall package.
Both parties support another round of stimulus checks.
Senate Republicans hope to get the bill signed in the coming weeks, and have said the stimulus checks could come as early as August.
Will there be an income limit for the second stimulus check?
The Republicans proposal for second stimulus check is nearly identical to the first stimulus.
It would send a stimulus check worth as much as $1,200 for individuals or $2,400 for married couples, plus $500 for each qualifying child.
That amount would decrease for adjusted gross income above $75,000 per individual or $150,000 per qualified couple.
The GOP plan also explicitly bars any individual in prison from receiving a stimulus check.
Young adults who are claimed as dependents on their parents taxes did not receive a stimulus check the first time around.
His party is proposing to provide $500 per dependent regardless of age (it was capped age 17 in the first round of stimulus checks).
Democrats also support sending stimulus money for dependents.
The HEROES Act passed in May by House Democrats would have provided $1,200 stimulus checks for dependents.
The latest: Round 2 stimulus checks are likely coming for college age dependents—but there’s a catchWill you get a stimulus check if you’re married to a foreign national?
The first stimulus check didn’t go to Americans who file taxes jointly and are married to a foreign national who isn’t a citizen.
“No American should be denied a federal stimulus check because they are married to a foreign national who is not a U.S. citizen,” wrote Senators Thom Tillis (R-NC) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) in a statement Saturday.
When would I get my second stimulus check?
Republican leaders hope to reach a deal in the coming weeks, and get checks out in August.
Read: 4 ways the Senate GOP’s new coronavirus stimulus bill ‘falls short,’ according to criticsWhat if you still haven’t filed taxes for 2019?
Will non taxpayers and retirees get their checks late again?Americans who are not required to file a tax return, including many retirees living on Social Security Income, received their payments later during the first round of stimulus payments.
However, such guidance will not be released until—or unless—a bill passes.
After Sanders upset Hillary Clinton in Michigan four years ago, his loss there Tuesday was particularly sobering.
Sanders has vowed not to drop out regardless of Tuesday’s results and frequently railed against the “Democratic establishment” that he says has aligned against him.
And though he’s celebrating a growing delegate lead, he’s still confronting voters who question his positions, which include a gun control plan that reinstates an assault weapons ban and includes a voluntary buyback program for assault weapons.
17:52 ISTGold surge near Rs 1.53 lakh per 10g, silver above Rs 2.41 lakhThe domestic futures gold price on MCX is up 1.43 percent at Rs 1,52,924 per 10 grams of 24-carat purity from the previous close.
Precious metals' prices surged 3 percent this week despite signs of potential de-escalations in US–Iran tensions, but remain supportive due to safe-haven demand.
Markets now shift focus to key US data, including Non-Farm Payrolls, ADP employment, and unemployment rate, which could drive sharp volatility.
Overall, gold is expected to remain highly volatile with event-driven moves in the near term," said Jateen Trivedi, VP Research Analyst (Commodity & Currency) at LKP Securities.
Silver edged lower, with prices headed towards early trade levels after a brief intraday gain.
-330April 01, 2026· 13:58 ISTGold holds steady above Rs 1.52 lakh, silver 0.45% down to Rs 2.39 lakh after brief surge above Rs 2.42 lakhThe domestic futures gold prices on MCX held steady at Rs 1,52,137, up 0.91 percent from the previous close.
Market participants are assessing whether the ongoing conflict will manifest as an inflationary shock, a growth slowdown, or a stagflationary mix, resulting in heightened volatility across asset classes.
-330April 01, 2026· 11:16 ISTGold surge past Rs 1.52 lakh on MCX, silver inch 0.35 percent up as market sentiment remain cautious amid Iran conflictDomestic futures price of gold on MCX inched 1.02 percent higher to Rs 1,52,298 per 10 grams of 24-carat purity from its previous close, while silver surged 0.35 percent higher to Rs 2,41,736 per kilogram of 999 purity (11:08 IST).
10:28 ISTGold holds steady above Rs 1.51 lakh, silver surge past Rs 2.40 lakh; why is gold headed for worst month in 17 yearsDomestic futures price of gold on MCX traded 0.64 percent higher at Rs 1,51,720 per 10 grams of 24-carat purity from its previous close, while silver declined 0.26 percent to Rs 2,40,265 per kilogram of 999 purity (10:21 IST).
Gold prices rose on Tuesday on hopes of de-escalation in the Middle East conflict, but were poised for their worst month in more than 17 years as higher energy prices dimmed hopes for a U.S. interest rate cut this year.
Bullion has fallen more than 13% so far this month, putting it on track for its steepest decline since October 2008, weighed down by a stronger dollar and fading expectations of a U.S. interest rate cut this year.
Read more: Gold set for worst month in more than 17 years-330April 01, 2026· 09:46 ISTGold surge past Rs 1.51 lakh, silver edges below Rs 2.40 lakhDomestic futures price of gold on MCX traded 0.47 percent higher at Rs 1,51,471 per 10 grams of 24-carat purity from its previous close, while silver edged 0.68 percent lower at Rs 2,39,250 per kilogram of 999 purity (09:37 IST).
Aside from a nine-and-a-half minute statement in May, he has refused to discuss the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election and allegations that President Donald Trump obstructed justice.
Mueller is scheduled to testify before two Congressional committees Wednesday and, while he has made it clear he will only discuss the contents of his investigation, it’s still must-see TV.
The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) is launching an inquiry into Google's partnership with Ascension, one of the largest health care providers in America, to collect health data on millions of Americans through "Project Nightingale."
The Weill Family Foundation (WFF) will give out $106 million in order to create a "Neurohub" that unites three major universities—UC Berkeley, UC San Francisco, and the University of Washington—with the goal of developing new brain disease treatments.
A massive new global study underscores the long-term consequences of climate change on human health—including the rise of infectious diseases, food shortages that can lead to malnutrition, and devastating floods and heat waves that could kill millions.
On the one hand, geopolitical uncertainty and economic volatility are leading to a tightening of purse strings, making it harder to retain and attract top talent.
Workforce decisions are rarely broken because of poor policy, says Maria Colacurcio, CEO of Syndio, a pay equity software platform.
This could mean that a recruiter needs to close a deal by Friday to get a candidate in, or a retention bump gets approved because a specific manager makes a really good case for it.
Regulation, AI adoption, and workforce expectations are all accelerating simultaneously, and this is fundamentally changing the role of people leaders.
“But the way we have designed work is totally not suitable for the way of working that needs to happen in order to unlock value with AI.”Read more: Fortune on the ground at Mobile World CongressWeis explains that too many companies are seeing the productivity and efficiency gains AI can bring as a solution to employees being overworked and burned out.
“It’s thinking about a manager getting guidance in the moment when a pay decision is being made so you can prevent issues from happening in the first place.”
“We’re moving from a knowledge economy to an innovation economy,” she says.
Practical takeaway: Embed guidance and governance into decisions as they happen, rather than relying on retrospective fixes.
At Trump’s request, Vice President Mike Pence responded that “we want to facilitate all the states and the health care providers in your states to be able to access that supply chain as it becomes more robust.”
Credit delinquency rates are on the rise in states that have legalized sports betting, and it’s impacting Gen Z and millennials the most.
While that figure may appear small, when the Fed researchers analyzed the population of just those who participated in sports betting, delinquency rates rose by 10%.
The New York Fed used an analysis of consumer credit data and defined delinquency rates as being 90 days past due on any credit purchase, such as auto loans or mortgage payments.
Commercial gaming revenue hit a record $78.7 Billion in 2025, according to the American Gaming Association, a 9.2% year-over-year increase.
Americans have wagered more than $520 billion on sports since the practice was legalized, and quarterly deposits have risen to $1,250 in 2025, compared to $500 five years ago, the Fed researchers found.
People under 40 made up the largest share of individuals with credit delinquency, which rose to 26% after legalization, the Fed study found using “back-of-the-napkin” math.
The widespread financial consequences of sports bettingThe New York Fed report adds to a growing base of literature showing the financial harms associated with sports betting.
A working paper published by the National Bureau of Economic Research in 2024 found household bests increased $1,100 per year in states with legal online sports betting, which was also associated with a 14% decrease in net investments, such as stocks.
A 2025 study analyzing University of California Consumer Credit Panel found average credit scores in states with legal online sports betting were slashed by about 2.7 points and increased the likelihood of bankruptcy by 10%.
The Fed study found significant spatial spillover effects, meaning delinquency rose in states where sports betting was illegal, but which bordered legal states.
Spillover delinquency rose 0.2% compared to the 0.3% baseline, a result of individuals crossing borders in order to use online sports betting platforms in states where it is legal.
The rise in popularity of prediction markets, such as Kalshi—which are legal and regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) as “designated contract markets”—have effectively created a national sports betting market.
He believes India can grow to produce enough oil to meet 30% of its domestic demand within a few years.
Cairn has ambitious plans to increase its production capacity from roughly 110,000 barrels of oil per day to 500,000 barrels daily over the next several years.
India is becoming friendlier to domestic oil and gas production and foreign investment, with legal reforms eliminating some barriers, and Cairn aims to take advantage, Agarwal said.
Cairn already works with top U.S. oilfield services companies, including Halliburton and Baker Hughes, but the company also is looking for exploration joint venture partners.
“There is hardly any production there,” Agarwal said.
“This will be the highest [energy] demand in the world,” he said.
Vedanta is strong in the production of copper, zinc, rare earths, and much more.
Connecticut is the wealthiest state in the U.S., largely because of its large concentration of Wall Street and Hedge Fund luminaries.
In a repo transaction, the borrower will sell certain securities in their possession with the agreement to buy them back the next day.
A $1 trillion market springs a leakLarge corporations and banks typically hold vast quantities of highly liquid financial assets, and so they like using these markets as a means of quick and easy financing.
In fact, there are more than $1 trillion worth of overnight repo transactions collateralized with US government debt occurring every day.
An unlucky confluence of events, including an exceptionally large demand for cash from U.S. companies that needed to pay their corporate tax bills, sucked a lot of the available cash out of the financial markets.
That’s supply and demand, plain and simple, and it mirrors what happened in certain repo markets in 2007 before the housing crash and the Great Recession that followed.
It’s been slowly evaporating, actually, for some time, since the Fed ended five years ago the policy of quantitative easing (QE), its maneuver to buy highly liquid bank securities to boost overall bank reserves.
The thinking (and hope) of that controversial policy was that the increased liquidity would encourage banks to lend more and spur economic growth at the depths of the downturn.
Read: The Fed’s repo market bailout is a sign of deeper problemsThose kind of accommodative actions have been over for some time now, and total bank reserves have steadily been decreasing.
One principle reason for that: an elevated level of government debt issuances in the past four years have sucked reserves out of the financial system.
When a squeeze like the one last week occurs it’s a clear indicator that there aren’t enough reserves in the financial system for repo markets to clear at the Fed’s preferred level—in central bank parlance, the “target rate,” or the Fed Funds rate.
That explains why the central bank has been engaged in open market operations to inject reserves back into the banking system through overnight purchases of Treasuries.
“The Fed plans to use open market operations to address funding pressures through the quarter-end, and learn more about the adequate level of reserves.
The repo plan: more interventions to comeEven though the Fed has routinely used open market operations in the past to stabilize these funding markets, it doesn’t look like a few routine interventions will be sufficient.
On Friday, the Fed pledged to allow roughly two more weeks of overnight repo transactions, each injecting around $75 billion daily into the economy, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York said in a news release on Friday.
Put otherwise, the Fed is back where it was roughly a decade ago, effectively buying U.S. Treasuries from banks on an indefinite basis.
We estimate that over the first year, the Fed would need to buy roughly $400bn of Treasury securities to achieve an appropriate level of reserves, plus a buffer,” the Bank of America wrote in a research note.
Trust is also most fragile at the exact moment innovation is moving fastest, and when the pressure to be the first mover is at its peak.
It’s a partnership: people create the vision; technology helps bring it to life.
Innovation, including having the freedom, expectation, and permission to experiment with new tools – including AI – creates better outcomes for our partners and consumers.
It’s not only an office for employees, but an expression of innovation.
In the end, innovation is about maintaining the conditions that make trust possible.
It’s appropriate foreshadowing of what’s to come: an exploration of Gates’s teenage years and his complicated partnership with Allen.
The Mandalorian, the breakout hit for Disney+, will be back for its second season before the end of the year, Bob Iger confirmed on a quarterly earnings call Tuesday.
The Star Wars spinoff is set to return this October and expect a much bigger marketing push this time around, now that the company does not have to guard the secret about Baby Yoda’s role in the show.
The leak comes just days after Fortune reported that the company had inadvertently made close to 3,000 files publicly available, including a draft blog post that detailed a powerful upcoming model that presents unprecedented cybersecurity risks.
While the latest security lapse did not expose the weights of the Claude model itself, it did allow people with technical knowledge to extract additional internal information from the company’s codebase, according to a cybersecurity professional Fortune asked to review the leak.
The leaked code also provided further evidence that Anthropic has a new model with the internal name Capybara that the company is actively preparing to launch, according to Roy Paz, a senior AI security researcher at LayerX Security.
“Usually, large companies have strict processes and multiple checks before code reaches production, like a vault requiring several keys to open,” he told Fortune.
Anthropic’s current most powerful model, Claude 4.6 Opus, is already classed by the company as a dangerous model when it comes to cybersecurity risks.
The average interest rate for a 30-year, fixed-rate conforming mortgage loan in the U.S. is 6.494%, an increase of about 7 basis points from the day before, according to data from mortgage data company Optimal Blue.
What the Federal Reserve is doing in 2026While the Fed does not set mortgage rates directly, it does set the federal funds rate, and that tends to influence rates on products such as mortgages.
When the Fed hikes this benchmark rate, rates on mortgages and other financial products often go up accordingly.
And when the Fed decreases this rate, interest rates on mortgages and similar products are likely to decrease as well.
But this came after the Fed had dropped the federal funds rate to effectively zero in 2020 in an effort to combat recession as the country battled the coronavirus pandemic.
Someone who has excellent credit might get the best deal with a conventional mortgage.
Frequently asked questionsAre a mortgage’s interest rate and APR the same?Not entirely.
Your APR includes your interest rate plus any applicable fees, meaning APR will generally be higher than interest rate alone.
Mortgage rates might decrease slightly if the Federal Reserve decides to lower the federal funds rate in 2026.
But there are other factors influencing mortgage rates too, including inflation, the national debt, and how much demand there is for home loans.
Dorian is expected to gain strength as it moves toward land.
As Dorian stays over warm waters on its way to Florida, the storm is forecast to reach Category 4 status, one below the most powerful measurement on the Saffir-Simpson scale, in 72 hours.
“There is an increasing likelihood of life-threatening storm surge along portions of the Florida east coast late this weekend or early next week, although it is too soon to determine where the highest storm surge will occur,” according to the National Hurricane Center.
“The surge along the right of the track is going to be 9 to 12 feet in some places.
“There’s still plenty of time for the path to change.”Orange juice future jumped for a fourth straight day in the longest rally since May 28.
Trump’s tariffs have not led to the kind of retaliatory action many expectedTrump told reporters that the US could leave Iran within two to three weeksDefence shares also rallied following remarks by US envoy Sergio Gor, who stated that India is a major defence partner.
Ola Electric has streamlined parts availability and enhanced diagnostics, enabling it to service more than 80% of vehicles on the same dayThe stock gained Rs 265 during the session, reflecting investor optimism despite concerns around restructuring linked to rising investments in artificial intelligenceAgarwal's replacement has yet to be identified, sources told Moneycontrol.
'It is good that RBI has delayed implementation of these rules as there is a lot of volatility anyway due to the Iran war,' says Deven Choksey, managing director at DRChoksey FinServNifty Bank rose 3% to hit an intraday high of 51,806.25.
Walsh, a veteran in the global aviation industry, currently serves as Director General of the International Air Transport AssociationIn an exchange filing, the smallcap IT firm said the order involves deployment of AI-based server and GPU systems.
Eight years of solid GDP growth, and consumer goods production has barely moved---something doesn't add upHopes of Iran war ending soon, value buying are among the key factors that led to the massive market rally on April 1Global markets are rallying on renewed hopes of easing geopolitical tensions in the Middle East.
Bitcoin climbed 2.2% in March, its first monthly gain since September, fueling optimism among some that digital assets may be emerging from the “crypto winter” that began with a price crash in October.
Oil prices ticked up in early Wednesday trade, with Brent front-month futures extending a record March rally as Middle East volatility kept markets jittery, despite reports that the U.S. and Iran may be edging closer to a negotiated end to the war.
FY2026 saw India's equity markets diverge, with headline indices down 4-5%.
Equities in Japan, South Korea and Australia rose, sending the broader MSCI Asia Pacific Index up 1.6%The combination of falling prices, rising volatility, and aggressive rollover participation suggests that the April series begins with short rollover dominance and defensive institutional positioning, rather than simple profit booking.
Sanjay Doshi remains enthused by opportunities in renewable and non-fossil-based segments along with equipment suppliers for grid expansion and upgrades.
The percentage of parents preferring it dropped to 58%—a 16 percentage point drop from 2019.
“Students now face the highest amount of debt ever recorded, but job security after graduation doesn’t really exist.”
“An aging workforce in the trades and a surge in demand to meet infrastructure needs, ever-growing real estate demands, and changes to U.S. energy production mean that there are considerably more job openings than skilled workers to fill the need,” she said.
In October 2017, IBM launched its apprenticeship program to train people for new-collar jobs that prioritize skills over degrees and focus on in-demand job functions like cybersecurity, design, data science, mobile development, cloud, artificial intelligence, and blockchains—all career paths that can also lead to six-figure salaries.
If you’re accepted to the program, you can earn about $150,000 to $200,000, given the demand for tech professionals in today’s rapidly evolving tech landscape.
The Obama administration also separated migrant children from families under certain limited circumstances, like when the child’s safety appeared at risk or when the parent had a serious criminal history.
Virtually free comprehensive medical care would lead to big increases in the demand for services.___
Obama and Biden failed to win agreement from the Iraqi government to keep a limited number of U.S. troops there after December 2011.
That was the deadline for a complete U.S. pullout under a deal negotiated by the Bush administration in late 2008.
Biden was still vice president when Obama was compelled to return American troops to Iraq in 2014 after the rise of the Islamic State extremist group.___
ANDREW YANG, tech entrepreneur: “We have record high corporate profits in this country right now.”
Senator Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.) had a standout moment during the last debate in New Hampshire, which in part, led to rise to third place on Tuesday.
All he needs to gain entry is one more state or national poll that puts him at more than 10%.
HDFC Bank slid 3.1% in its fifth consecutive weekly drop, marking its longest losing run in six yearsTraditional safe-haven assets are also seeing outflows.
Gold funds recorded a sharp $7 billion withdrawal—the largest since October 2025—suggesting forced liquidation rather than defensive repositioning.
Shares of four companies will list on stock exchanges.
Powerica IPO allotment is expected by March 30, while share listing is proposed on April 2.
Markets slip again as Nifty falls below 23,000, marking its fifth straight weekly loss.
Rupee set for worst fiscal in decade and a halfMany fund -houses with existing solution-oriented funds maintained that they will continue to keep their funds due to continued demand from investors and are assessing Lifecycle Funds as a future category.
FM Nirmala Sitharaman says, 'Export duty levy on petrol, diesel will ensure adequate availability for domestic consumption'Jefferies exited HDFC Bank shares and cut India weightage after chairman Atanu Chakraborty resigned citing value and ethics concerns.
A sustained weaker rupee, stickier inflation above 6%, and delayed RBI rate cuts by at least two quarters could shave roughly 1% off annual GDP growth and squeeze corporate margins, especially in oil-sensitive sectors.
Shares of InterGlobe Aviation fell 3.5 percent to Rs 4,144.5 per share on the NSE, while SpiceJet declined 4.5 percent.
HSBC has slashed its outlook for Indian corporate earnings, warning that a sustained oil supply shock could wipe 5 percentage points off FY27 EPS growthGoldman Sachs downgrades India to marketweight, cuts Nifty target and GDP forecast amid oil shock.
WeWork’s parent company, We Co., intends to push ahead with the IPO, but some people briefed on the deliberations said it’s unlikely to take place next month as planned.
The new CEOs said in a statement that they will be “evaluating the optimal timing for an IPO.”
It must do so by the end of the year in order to secure a $6 billion debt financing contingent on a successful stock offering.
The company, which is deeply unprofitable, will need to find an alternative source of capital next year if the IPO falls through.
After an IPO, Neumann’s stock would carry three votes per share, from 20 in the initial plan.
Rebekah Neumann, who was listed on the IPO prospectus as a founder and CEO of the WeGrow education arm, will leave.
Cyril Mathew, the startup’s CEO, did not disclose the company’s valuation in an interview with Fortune.
Latitude is currently in a beta launch, where it generates revenue through transaction fees.
What are the chances that once the coronavirus scare recedes, that markets will stage a V-shaped rally that catapults stocks back to the best levels of 2020?
Since hitting an all-time high of 3394 in mid-February, the S&P 500 shed 422 points or 12.4% by the market close on Friday, March 6.
To recoup a 12.4% decline, prices need to rise by 14.2%, or 1.8 points more, because the 422 points rebound starts at a lower base––the March 6 closing price of 2792.
When I requested the numbers at midday from Fortune’s crack statistician Scott Decarlo, the gain required for the S&P needed to regain its highs was 15%.
Many of the jumps happened in years when markets were roaring out of a deep rut, including the temporary surge in Depression years (1935, 1936, and 1938), the durable World War II comeback in 1942 and 1944, as well as the big bounces in 2003 and 2009 following the tech and mortgage meltdowns.
Last year, the index also made the grade by posting a 16.1% gain, capping in a string of great years following the end of the financial crisis.
Concluding that the S&P has about a one-in-four chance to regain or exceed its nearly 15% drop from the peak isn’t a bad guess.
A march back to the mid-February summit wouldn’t be a snapback from a severe correction, a frequent source of big March to December moves.
It would be a return to the over-exuberance that drove prices to big valuations on top of earnings that peaked at extraordinarily high levels, and are now falling.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, speaking at a coronavirus news conference Tuesday, said the government is deferring $300 billion in IRS payments by 90 days, penalty-free.
If you’re a homeowner hoping to refinance your mortgage for a lower rate or perhaps to tap home equity, read on to see average refi interest rates for a variety of loan types and terms.
Similar to your initial mortgage application, you’ll need to apply and meet lender criteria, including your credit profile, income verification, debt-to-income (DTI) ratio, and more.
Some observers had hoped that mortgage interest rates would decrease following the Federal Reserve’s cuts to the federal funds rate in late 2024.
Still, homeowners got some relief starting in late August and early September of 2025, when mortgage rates started trending downward ahead of the Sept. 16-17 Fed meeting.
They dropped to a low not seen in almost a year, and the Fed delivered a much anticipated reduction of a quarter percentage point to the federal funds rate.
The central bank followed up with a second cut of the same amount at its October meeting and a third (also the same amount) in early December.
You might also consider a cash-out refinance to tap into your home equity—which typically requires at least 20% equity in your home.
For example, you’re free to invest those funds, use them to cover a down payment on a vacation home or rental property, or pay off credit card debt.
It lets you lower your interest rate and/or change your loan term.
Note if you opt for a shorter term, while that does typically earn you a lower rate and substantial lifetime interest savings, you’ll be stuck with higher monthly mortgage payments.- Cash-out refinance: A cash-out refi taps your home’s equity by replacing your existing loan balance with a new, larger one and withdrawing the difference in cash.
You can use the money for a wide variety of purposes, including home improvements, consolidating high-interest debt, or other financial goals.- No-closing-cost refinance: With this type of refi, the lender covers closing costs in exchange for levying a higher interest rate.
Refinancing with your existing lender vs. a new oneYou’re not obligated to refinance with your original lender, and shopping around can help you find the lowest interest rate available to you and perhaps the best service as well.
There is a small chance that the BCG vaccine could increase the risk of coronavirus, but scientists won’t know until after the clinical trials.
“I am fully prepared to use the full power of the Federal Government to deal with our current challenge of the CoronaVirus!”
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi planned to unveil the economic assistance package, with voting possible as soon as Thursday, on sick pay and other measures to financially help those self-quarantining or missing work as officials encourage people to limit social interactions to slow the rise of infections.
“Right now we’re trying to deal with the direct impact of the virus on individual citizens,” House Budget Committee Chairman John Yarmuth, D-Ky., said Wednesday as Democrats met behind closed doors.
The administration was also expected to announce an executive order insisting on American-made medical supplies and pharmaceuticals in response to the virus, according to a person familiar with the plan who wasn’t authorized to discuss it and spoke on condition of anonymity.
The president was promoting an economic stimulus package as the financial markets reel.
Pelosi’s goal is to pass a more narrowly drawn measure as soon as Thursday, before lawmakers leave town for a previously scheduled weeklong recess, and revisit potential stimulus measures later on, those familiar with the thinking said.
Trump on Tuesday pitched his economic stimulus ideas privately to wary Senate Republicans, but details were slight and the president’s GOP allies have been cool to additional spending at this stage.
“I am not looking forward to a scenario where it comes down to Donald Trump with his nostalgia for the social order of the 1950s and Bernie Sanders with a nostalgia for the revolutionary politics of the 1960s,” Buttigieg declared.
The intensity of Tuesday’s forum, with candidates repeatedly shouting over each other, reflected the reality that the Democrats’ establishment wing is quickly running out of time to stop Sanders’ rise.
The move comes due to a significant rise in aluminium prices after smelters in the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain were hit by Iran strikesCoal India subsidiary shares were listed at a discount on both NSE and BSE.
Sharp bounce in rupee, value buying are among key reasons that led to partial recovery in marketsBanks often take positions in dollars to make profits from price differences across markets.
New data lays bare a decades-old problem: India's most productive sectors employ the fewest people, and the window to rebalance is narrowingThe benchmark 10-year bond yield was trading at 6.9451%; the rupee gains 1.3%Supply shock, not demand slump is setting the stage for consolidation-led gainsJapan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 dropped more than 4.5% in early trade, while South Korea’s Kospi slid over 3%.
Rising crude prices, fall in bank shares were among key factors to weigh on investor sentiment on March 30The RBI has directed all banks to limit their net open position on the Indian currency to $100 millionScale, synergy, and strong execution power help consolidate market leadershipRBI has capped banks’ open currency positions as the rupee hits record lows and pressure builds after the Iran war.
Thermax Share Price | The company arm won an order worth RS 1,600 crore for manufacturing, supply, supervision of installation and commissioning, as well as performance testing of the boiler package.
Gold declined, erasing its first weekly gain since the war in the Middle East began, as the Iran-backed Houthi militant group joined the conflict and more US military personnel moved into the region.
“Earnings in this sector are more predictable, unlike others where downgrades are possible,” Sankhe said.
While the Nifty trades at around 17x 12-month forward EPS, the risk of EPS downgrades has increased; hence, valuations remain expensive despite the correction, said Jitendra Gohil.
The conflict has also damaged around 40 key regional energy assets, exacerbating supply concerns.
-330April 01, 2026· 15:44 ISTUS Iran War News Live: Govt caps ATF hike for domestic flights, passes full cost to international travelSujata Sharma, Joint Secretary in the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas, said aviation turbine fuel (ATF) remains a deregulated product and the sharp rise in global crude prices has necessitated a pass-through of costs.
However, she clarified that for domestic flights, only a partial increase has been implemented, with a 25% hike applied to the base price to cushion the impact on passengers.
In contrast, the full increase in ATF prices has been passed on to international flights.
He noted that the capped increase of 25% in aviation turbine fuel (ATF) prices will help carriers maintain competitive ticket pricing for domestic passengers, without the need to impose additional fuel surcharges.
Additionally, over 55,000 tonnes of commercial LPG were sold during the month, indicating steady demand.
-330April 01, 2026· 15:13 ISTUS Iran War News Live: Govt says seed stocks sufficient, maize drying gets LPG priorityGovt says seed stocks sufficient, maize drying gets LPG priorityThe government has adequate stock of seeds for the upcoming season, a senior official said, noting that availability exceeds the requirement.
-330April 01, 2026· 15:08 ISTUS Iran War News Live: Starmer calls for closer UK-EU ties to strengthen security and reduce living costsUK Prime Minister Keir Starmer says the nation’s “long-term national interest requires closer partnership” with Europe and the EU, citing opportunities to bolster security and cut living costs, and announces a forthcoming summit with EU partners.
-330April 01, 2026· 14:09 ISTUS Iran War News Live: Oil slips below $100 as Asian markets surge on Iran war de‑escalation hopesOil prices fell below $100 per barrel on Wednesday as optimism grew over a potential de-escalation of the Iran war.
Asian shares rallied sharply: South Korea’s Kospi surged 8.4% to 5,478.70, Tokyo’s Nikkei 225 rose 5.2% to 53,739.68, Hong Kong’s Hang Seng gained 2.3% to 25,346.42, and Shanghai Composite traded 1.5% higher at 3,948.55, reflecting renewed investor optimism amid easing geopolitical tensions.
While the Houthis have not claimed responsibility for Wednesday’s launch, they had earlier vowed to continue military operations in the coming days.
Domestic LPG prices remain unchanged at Rs 913 for a 14.2 kg cylinder in Delhi, following a Rs 60 increase last month.
08:34 ISTUS Iran War News Live: Asian markets rally as Trump signals possible Iran war exitAsian markets surged after Donald Trump hinted that the Iran war could end within weeks, boosting hopes of de-escalation.
South Korea’s KOSPI climbed 6.26 per cent to 5,368.73, while Singapore’s Straits Times Index gained 1.7 per cent to 4,968.34, reflecting improved investor sentiment.
-330April 01, 2026· 06:38 ISTIran War News Live: Regional tensions rise as Lebanon situation escalatesIsraeli Defence Minister Israel Katz said homes in southern Lebanon will be demolished and displaced residents will not be allowed to return, raising concerns about a broader regional spillover of the conflict.
Donald Trump said Iran is "losing" and "begging for a deal," but added that a formal agreement is not essential for ending the conflict.
Apple watchers may fret about its lack of progress in AI, but it still gets top marks from survey respondents who value the smart management of talent, capital, and supply chains as highly as they do innovation.
After Trump pulled the U.S. out of the Iran nuclear deal with world powers last year and imposed economic sanctions against Tehran, the Iranians have pushed back on the military front in recent weeks, with Washington accusing Tehran of threatening American forces and interests in Iraq and in the Gulf.
Iran’s foreign minister, Mohammad Javad Zarif, suggested in New York as he arrived for a meeting at the United Nations that Iran could immediately ratify an agreement to allow broader inspections of its nuclear facilities by U.N. inspectors if the U.S. dropped its sanctions.
Zarif blamed Washington for the escalation and accused the Trump administration of “trying to starve our people” and “deplete our treasury” through sanctions.
After Trump pulled the U.S. out of the Iran nuclear deal last year and imposed economic sanctions on Tehran, the Iranians have pushed back on the military front, shooting down a U.S. drone on June 20.
Adding to the economic pressure on Tehran, the Treasury Department said Thursday it was imposing sanctions on what it called a network of front companies and agents involved in helping Iran buy sensitive materials for its nuclear program.
Zarif blamed Washington for the escalation and accused the Trump administration of “trying to starve our people” and “deplete our treasury” through economic sanctions.
Central Mine Planning shares will be listed on both NSE and BSE platforms on March 30, following 1.05 times subscription to its Rs 1,842-crore IPO.
Ceigall India Share Price | The company bagged two order from Purvah Green Power.
Waaree Energies Share Price | The board approved stake acquisition in its subsidiary company.
From a longer-term perspective, a nearly two-year price correction and a sharp fall of around 15 percent in recent weeks have increased the attractiveness of Indian equities, said OmniScience's Ashwini Shami.
According to him, the current Middle East crisis is expected to have a limited impact on the long-term earnings potential of Indian listed companies, as most of them are focused on the domestic economy.
Investor Seetha Kumari pared half of its stake in the company, offloading 10.54 lakh shares (2.4 percent stake) for Rs 93.6 crore.
While earnings growth expectations remain robust, the brokerage believes much of this optimism is already priced in, leaving little room for positive surprises in the near term.
Without any signs the conflict in the Middle East is abating, the S&P 500 extended this month’s declineLaxyo IPO
The odds of a U.S. recession within the next year are at the highest level since the end of the last downturn in 2009.
Germany, the economic engine of Europe, and the U.K. were both on the precipice of a downturn even before the virus struck, with 0% growth in the fourth quarter of 2019.
China, the world’s second-largest economy and the place where the pandemic originated, is likely to have contracted in the first quarter for the first time in decades amid production halts and quarantine measures, ultimately weighing on the global economy.
The National Bureau of Economic Research’s Business Cycle Dating Committee, which makes the official U.S. determination, uses a different approach, considering factors such as inflation-adjusted GDP, employment, industrial production and income.
The International Monetary Fund, in designating recessions on a global scale, looks at several indicators including a decline in inflation-adjusted per-capita GDP that’s backed up by weakness in industrial production, trade, capital flows, oil consumption and unemployment.
The real questions are when the recession hits, how long it lasts and how severe it is.
The so-called Great Moderation, a roughly 25-year period of relative stability around the globe beginning in the mid-1980s, spawned the view that modern-day recessions don’t happen without an unexpected economic shock like a sharp increase in oil prices—a cause of U.S. downturns of the 1970s and 1980s—or accumulated imbalances like the massive buildup in the subprime-lending industry that preceded the Great Recession of 2007-2009.
A global pandemic that stifles travel, shutters businesses, cancels sports events and sends stock markets into freefall certainly has the potential to be that kind of economic shock.
The economies of Japan, Germany, France and Italy were already shrinking or stalled before the virus outbreak, and as of March, China was on course for what could be its first quarterly contraction in decades.
As the virus spreads, the threat grows of a phenomenon economists refer to as a feedback loop—a vicious cycle in which a country that starts to recover domestically then suffers diminished demand from abroad as other nations succumb, prolonging the downturn.
An increasing number of economists believe the almost-11-year U.S. expansion is coming to an end, with many expecting the economy to contract in the second quarter, which ends on June 30.
The U.S. Treasury secretary, Steven Mnuchin, said on March 15 that he expects the coronavirus pandemic will slow growth but not tip the U.S. economy into recession.
Even if we’re in a recession right now, an official declaration may be months away.
NBER typically takes about a year to make the call on when a U.S. expansion ends and a recession begins.
A recession could be obvious in the data and widely accepted as reality before any declaration, though.
The 2007-2009 recession lasted 18 months, making it the longest since the Great Depression.
The recession of 1980, by contrast, lasted just six months.
Other measures of a recession’s severity are how much the economy contracts and how bad unemployment gets.
Another driver of a recession’s severity is how broadly the economy suffers a contraction.
The relatively short and mild 2001 recession, for instance, was largely confined to the tech sector, with modest fallout to the rest of the economy.
Does a long expansion portend a severe recession?Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland researchers found little evidence that duration of an expansion influences how bad the subsequent recession.
On the positive side, should the coronavirus lead to a recession, American households are in a good spot.
They’re carrying less debt and an increase in mortgage refinancing has put more cash in consumers’ pockets.
Additionally, unlike the last U.S. recession, which stemmed from a systemic imbalance, the coronavirus is an economic shock.
It could lead to no recession, a short and shallow recession or something much darker.
Central banks are already racing to stop a recession either by cutting interest rates, intervening in markets, buying corporate assets or helping banks to keep lending to businesses.
The U.S. Federal Reserve cut its benchmark interest rate to near zero.
“The response should be fiscal, first and foremost,” European Central Bank President Christine Lagarde said.
In a separate development, Amtrak announced that it was canceling its nonstop Acela passenger train service between Washington, D.C., and New York City through late May because of a sharp drop in demand.
The U.S. National Transportation Safety Board said it’s monitoring the situation.
The Ukrainian president’s office has said 45 Ukraine experts were working in Iran on the investigation and there are “several versions” for the cause under consideration.
Iran notified the International Civil Aviation Organization, an arm of the United Nations, about the crash, which should trigger involvement of other nations in the investigation, including the U.S., the agency said in a press release Thursday.
Under rules known as Annex 13, the nation in which a crash occurs usually is in charge of an investigation.
Since Boeing manufactured the Ukrainian jet, the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board would have a right to participate.
The agency said in a statement on Thursday night that it had “designated an accredited representative to the investigation of the crash.”
Biden says, “I never believed it.”__10:15 p.m. – Biden distances himself from Obama trade dealFormer Vice President Joe Biden is distancing himself from a trade deal that was a centerpiece of the Obama administration.
Biden said on the debate stage in Detroit on Wednesday that he would “renegotiate” the Trans-Pacific Partnership but not simply rejoin the pact “as it was initially put forward.”
President Donald Trump pulled out of the Obama-era deal two years ago.
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio is noting that then-Sen. Biden supported the original NAFTA trade deal, and challenged Biden on a new Trump proposal he termed “NAFTA 2.0.”That led to a back-and-forth with Biden, whom de Blasio has previously called out of touch.
Joe Biden is reminding a Detroit debate audience that he helped implement bills during the Great Recession that helped bail out General Motors.
Castro has promised to make illegally crossing the U.S.-Mexico border punishable by a civil penalty and is repeating that call Wednesday.
Bennet is charging that the plan would mean a tax increase for the middle class and outlaw private insurance, and tells Harris that “we need to be honest about what’s in this plan.”
About 3,675 shares advanced, 478 shares declined, and 90 shares were unchanged.
Profit bookingWith benchmarks surging nearly 3% earlier in the day, a partial profit booking was seen in the late afternoon trade.
Eicher Motors, up over 4%, registered a 10.1% on-year increase in total commercial vehicle sales to 13,311 units in March.
Pharmaceutical stocks such as Dr. Reddy's Laboratories, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, and Cipla were down nearly 3%, capping further gains in the 50-stock index.
Trump told reporters that the US could leave Iran within two to three weeks, and indicated an agreement with Tehran may be reached but wasn’t necessary for the conflict to end.
"Fresh long positions should preferably be initiated only after the Nifty convincingly breaks above and sustains the 24,000 level, which would indicate improved sentiment and the likelihood of a more durable bullish trend," said Hitesh Tailor, Research Analyst, Choice Broking.
Analysts said that the data suggests the housing market may be entering a phase of consolidation after a multi-quarter growth cycle.
The builder also unveiled plans on Wednesday to launch 30 projects primarily across South India and Mumbai over the next 24 months, with a gross development value of more than Rs 55,000 croreIndustry leaders say inputs, such as steel, PVC products, electrical components and glass, are witnessing supply constraints, largely due to global logistics disruptions and fuel-linked volatility.
Despite the decline in sales volumes, home prices are down only 4-5% from the year-ago periodIn Mumbai—India’s largest high-rise market—the spike in steel prices due to Iran-Israel-US war alone is adding roughly Rs 50 per sqft to construction costs.
JSW Realty said it has signed a "development agreement with the Patel Family for Malabar Court, an exclusive property in Mumbai’s most established residential neighbourhood".
Despite concerns that automation and remote work could weaken office demand, India’s commercial real estate market has continued to expand.
The documents show that the lease will last for 58 months starting Januray 1, 2026, with an escalation of 5 percent after 24 monthsDevelopment charges, which include FSI, are the civic body’s second biggest revenue stream now.
The plot is located near HoABL's flagship Sarayu development at the temple town in Uttar Pradesh, where Bachchan owns two more plotsThe deal was signed in February, the fourth such transaction by ICICI Prudential AMC’s Rs 2,000 crore-ICICI Prudential Office Yield Optimiser Fund
Inside, the rich spent millions on art and fine wine.
While property values and stock prices have dipped, the 10 richest tycoons who derive their fortunes from Hong Kong are still worth $197 billion, just 4% less than when the protests started in mid-June, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index.
Protests on Monday failed to gain significant traction, but there’s little sign of a retreat by hardcore demonstrators who’ve grown increasingly violent.
The unrest has turned parts of Hong Kong into battle zones on weekends and holidays, wreaked havoc on the tourism industry and sent the $360 billion economy hurtling toward recession.
The ruling Communist Party’s mouthpiece, the People’s Daily, has said that Hong Kong authorities should take away land from developers through compulsory acquisition.
“I think because it was a recession, people wanted to help me,” she said.
“Big firms were talking about a 30% drop in income.
People who lived through the Great Recession are understandably nervous about the “r” word.
But there’s good reason to believe that when the next recession hits (and it will) the pain won’t be nearly as great as what people experienced in 2008.
Part of the business cycleRecessions—a drop in GDP for at least two successive quarters—are part of the ebb and flow of finance.
“The nature of each recession is different and unpredictable,” said Dr. Tenpao Lee, a professor of economics at Niagara University.
The early 1990s recession that Saul coasted through hit others hard.
On the whole, though, the 2008 recession was generally terrible.
“There was roughly 50% or 60% decline in the S&P,” said Greg Ghodsi, managing director of the 360 Wealth Management Group at Raymond James.
A typical recession, he notes, sees a drop closer to 30%.
GDP also took a huge hit in 2008: 5.1 percentage points, according to Ted Rossman, an industry analyst at CreditCards.com.
It might have hit alreadyPreparing for a recession can be difficult because you never know who will be hurt most.
Some businesses thrive because they are counter-cyclical and find more customers, like bankruptcy lawyers and discount stores.
“We do know that there is a recession coming,” said Cindy Kuppens, the COO of O’Brien Wealth Partners.
We could even be in a recession now without knowing.
Economists have to wait for the data to measure GDP and new estimates come as additional information arrives.
Too much worry about a recession can bring one on as businesses react by pulling back and people save money instead of spending it.
In other words, you can make yourself crazy trying to forecast the future.
“We’ve had a 10-year bull market and people need to make sure they’re appropriately invested for the future,” said Julie Fox, managing director and market head mid-Atlantic private wealth manage at UBS Financial Services.
Whether or not a recession is officially here or on the way, prudence suggests taking preventative steps.
Wait for a recession and it’s likely too late.
Even in a deep recession like in 2008, investment values bounced back within two years.
As brand chief, Plank will work on product innovation and serve as an ambassador of sorts for Under Armour.
Plank, 47, controls the company thanks to his 65% share of voting rights (he owns 15% of regular shares), and he is changing roles of his own volition.
The change at the top comes at a challenging time for Under Armour, which says it is likely to report declining sales in North America—by far its biggest market, generating 69% of revenue—for a third straight year.
Sales in the U.S. and Canada peaked in 2016 at about $4 billion after a meteoric rise (they rose $1 billion alone in the preceding two years)
Under Armour’s shares were up 5.4% to $21.18 in mid-day trading on Tuesday.
Some 60% of Under Armour’s revenue comes from wholesale accounts—that is, sales to other retailers.
For some critically-ill COVID-19 patients, mechanical ventilation can be the difference between recovery and death.
Most hospitals’ intensive care units or ICUs have enough ventilators to meet demand in a regular flu season but don’t have extras in case demand suddenly jumps.
A surge of COVID-19 infections in the U.S.—there were over 4,400 as of Monday—has experts worried that cases could overwhelm hospitals there and force doctors to implement triage systems to decide who gets ventilation treatment and who doesn’t.
Italy may have less than a quarter of the ventilators necessary to meet demand, Reuters reported on Saturday.
It tendered for 5,000 ventilators; a spokesperson for medical technology company Getinge told Reuters that “a mix” of companies would likely fill Italy’s order because no one company could do it alone.
The Italian government also asked the country’s sole ventilator manufacturer, Siare Engineering, to increase production from 125 ventilators a month to 500 per month.
U.S. government sanctions on Iran do not directly apply to humanitarian aid, but many banks do not want to facilitate payments to Iran, hindering its ability to purchase life-saving medical equipment like ventilators.
The U.K. has 5,000 ventilators but will need “many times more than that” if cases continue to rise, the health secretary said.
A stockpile in the U.S.The U.S. had enough ventilators to meet demand during the swine flu outbreak of 2009 and 2010, a report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said, but the number of patients who required them then was no greater than recent seasonal flu numbers.
The 135,000 estimate would meet demand during a moderate outbreak like the 1958 or 1968 flu pandemics, wherein 65,000 people would need ventilation, according to a 2018 analysis by the Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security (JHCHS).
But even that additional supply “might not suffice to meet demand during a severe public health emergency,” the CDC said in a white paper three years ago.
If COVID-19 reaches the level of a severe outbreak—like the 1918 pandemic, in which 675,000 Americans died—the JHCHS study estimates that 742,500 people in the U.S. would need mechanical ventilation, far outstripping the health system’s estimated capacity.
Such directives provide guidance on how doctors should confront the kinds of triage scenarios hospitals in Italy are dealing with right now.
Should a “Wuhan-like” outbreak occur in the U.S.—with a city seeing the same share of infection and critical cases as the epicenter of the outbreak—ICU needs could exceed hospital capacity, even with social distancing measures as strict as the lockdown in Wuhan, says a recent study by researchers at Harvard University, Johns Hopkins University, and Nanjing Medical University.
“Exceeding health care capacity may also lead to decreased quality of care, such as not being able to get access to a ventilator,” which would lead to more deaths, the study said.
In a Fox News television interview last week, Seema Verma, the administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services and a member of the federal coronavirus task force, would not say whether the U.S. has enough ventilators and ICU beds for a surge in cases.
It’s one of the fastest-growing professions in the U.S., with a projected employment growth rate of 21% between 2018 and 2028, compared to the 5% average for all occupations, according to data from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics.
“There’s a huge discrepancy between available ventilators and the need,” Andreas Wieland, chief executive of Hamilton Medical, told Reuters, referring to the uptick in demand caused by the coronavirus pandemic.
Wieland said Hamilton has increased production by up to 40% in response to orders for ventilators from China, Turkey, the U.S., and elsewhere.
Getinge ventilators are made in Sweden, and production time is two days.
“In critical situations like this there is a global increased demand for ventilators and Getinge’s production is currently up to full speed to supply our customers,” the spokesperson said.
Getinge sells ventilators to the U.S. market, and the spokesperson said demand has increased during the coronavirus outbreak but could not comment on sales numbers for the ongoing quarter.
Draegerwerk’s normal annual production is also 10,000 ventilators.
The company told Reuters that the German government placed a single order for 10,000 intensive care ventilators last week.
A spokesperson for Medtronic said ventilator demand in China increased during the COVID-19 outbreak, and said Medtronic “is meeting all current customer demand globally” and has not experienced disruptions to ventilator production.
Preventative measures like hand-washing, social distancing, and self-quarantine are crucial—they might not prevent cases outright, but they will delay a surge of simultaneous cases and give hospitals “time to prepare and manage,” Drew Harris, a population health and health policy expert at Thomas Jefferson University, said on Twitter.
Bristol-Myers Squibb came to own Juno, the cancer drug specialist, via its acquisition of Celgene, which itself had bought Juno in a $9 billion deal.
Juno focuses on cell therapies such as CAR-T in order to fight cancers by re-engineering patients' own immune cells to become cancer killers.
That requires some complex manufacturing capacity, including the ability to use viral vectors in the re-engineering process.
To that end, Juno has struck a partnership with Oxford Biomedica to use its viral vector platform and spur new types of CAR-T treatments.
Sanofi, the parent company of Zantac, defended the product earlier this month, telling Fortune “Sanofi takes patient safety seriously, and we are committed to working with the FDA.
Zantac OTC (over the counter) has been around for over a decade and meets all the specified safety requirements for use in the OTC market.”
Now, with the launch of the service set for Tuesday, Nov. 12, it’s filling those gaps, announcing last week in an earnings call that Disney+ will be available on both Amazon’s Fire TV, as well as natively on Samsung and LG smart TVs.
(A Disney spokesperson confirmed to Fortune those platforms would all be live at launch.)
Here’s a list of all the platforms that will offer it at launch:- Amazon Fire TV (including Fire TV 4K, Fire TV cube and Fire TV-enabled televisions)- Samsung Smart TVs- LG Smart TVs- iPhone- iPad- Apple TV- Roku devices- Android mobile devices- Android TV- Chromecast- Xbox One- PlayStation 4- Desktop Web BrowsersRead: How to get Disney+ free for a year with Verizon Wireless
That’s not easy, but I had watched enough cycles to know that investor consensus and customer reality are not always aligned.
Eventually, we found an investor who saw it the same way.
It is an argument against assuming that innovation belongs to a single demographic.
In the month of February, the company's material subsidiary Lineage Power received a purchase order worth Rs 1,58.71 crore from Reliance Industries.
Also, secured an advance letter of authorization (LOA) from RailTel Corporation of India for security infrastructure project of Rs 89.07 crore and Lineage Power received a purchase order worth USD 1,346,210.00 from Yaqin Che for supply of Mobile Battery Energy Storage System (BESS).
Currently, the stock is trading 39.34 percent below its 52-week high and 0.97 percent above its 52-week low.
National Securities Limited (NSDL) has introduced a new initiative aimed at boosting women’s participation in India’s capital markets, announcing the launch of its “Women Plan” with a three-year settlement fee holiday for new women investors.
The move comes amid a sharp rise in women entering the investing ecosystem.
Women opening a new NSDL demat account between April 1, 2026 and March 31, 2027 will receive a complete waiver on settlement fees for debit transactions for three years from the date of account opening.
Commenting on the launch, Managing Director and CEO Vijay Chandok said women in India are increasingly taking charge of their financial futures, and the plan is intended to make investing more accessible and rewarding.
With a straightforward benefit structure, zero settlement fees for three years, the Women Plan is positioned as a targeted step toward making capital markets more inclusive and approachable for a new generation of women investors.
Elon Musk’s efforts to back out of a $44 billion deal to buy Twitter, along with his public trashing of the company and its employees, has cast a humiliating pall on Dorsey’s legacy and left many observers baffled by Dorsey’s lack of response.
In an exclusive survey of more than 3,300 tech employees that Fortune conducted with Blind, an anonymous social network for professionals, more than half said they believed Dorsey’s reputation had suffered as a result of the whistleblower allegations and 41% said the protracted deal drama with Musk had made Dorsey look bad.
The whistleblower allegations are “a black eye” for Dorsey and for Twitter, said Dan Ives, a software analyst at Wedbush Securities.
When Dorsey was tapped to be Twitter’s CEO in 2015, the hope was that the then 38-year-old cofounder could bring a spark to a business suffering from anemic user growth and lackluster product innovation.
Inside Twitter however, the superstar CEO appears to have enjoyed less goodwill.
Dorsey personally recruited Peter “Mudge” Zatko, a famous cybersecurity expert, to fix things after the security fiasco.
But Zatko, who was fired from Twitter after a year, claims in a whistleblower lawsuit that Dorsey was “extremely disengaged” and was “experiencing a dramatic loss of focus” in 2021.
The notion of technological neglect at Twitter is also embedded in Musk’s efforts to back out of his deal to acquire the company by claiming that the prevalence of artificial bots on the platform is much greater than Twitter acknowledges.
To Web5 and beyondThe months ahead are sure to bring more attention to Dorsey, as Twitter’s lawsuit to force Musk to complete his acquisition goes to trial, and as Zatko’s whistleblower case moves forward.
That marks a $21.05 drop from yesterday morning—but approximately a $228 increase compared to this time last year.
Ethereum holds the position of second-largest cryptocurrency by market capitalization, currently valued at around $233 billion.
It’s significantly behind Bitcoin’s roughly $1.33 trillion market cap—but considerably ahead of the third-largest option, Tether, at $183 billion.
Ethereum has faced serious volatility, climbing to nearly $5,000 at its peak in August 2025.
That’s nearly 1.6 million percent in growth from its original ICO—which makes that earlier 60,000% increase look rather modest.
Early 2026 saw a sharp downturn in Ethereum’s value for multiple reasons, from concerns about recession to Ethereum co-founder Vitalik Buterin selling many millions of dollars worth of ETH.
Investors appreciate this because it offers growth potential beyond simply being an “alternative currency.”
Several factors can influence Ethereum’s price, including:- Investor speculation: Like most cryptocurrencies, Ethereum’s short-term price often moves based on trader sentiment and hype.
In the near term, speculative trading tends to have more impact than fundamentals.- Network activity and DeFi adoption: When more people use the Ethereum network, demand for ETH typically goes up.
The decentralized finance (DeFi) boom of 2020–2021 showed just how much network usage can drive prices higher.- Overall economic health: While crypto doesn’t react to interest rates quite like stocks do, the state of the broader economy still matters.
When investors feel confident and have extra money, they’re more likely to allocate some toward assets like Ethereum.
- Regulation: Since the crypto space is still evolving, changes in regulation can significantly sway investor confidence.
- Competition: Ethereum no longer dominates the smart contract space on its own.
That peg helps keep its value steady, making it far less volatile than Ethereum, though it also offers less potential for major price growth.- XRP:
That said, Ethereum’s history includes some steep pullbacks, so expect plenty of volatility along the way.
Either way, that’s a meteoric rise from its early 2026 valuation.
Bitcoin tends to be less volatile and more established as a payment method, while Ethereum gives you more functionality, and likely more potential for growth.
In late February, when the coronavirus had sickened 80,000 people worldwide—on Friday the total topped 530,000—and the World Health Organization had not yet declared a pandemic, shares in Fujifilm Holdings Corp soared after Japan’s health minister said the government was considering using a drug called Avigan, also known as favipiravir, to treat patients sickened by COVID-19.
“We have no public clinical scientific evidence yet proving the efficacy and safety of Avigan against COVID-19 in patients, so we cannot talk about Avigan at this moment,” a Fujifilm spokesperson said.
With Salesforce's stock down 30% this year amid worries that AI will eat its business (i.e. the "Saaspocalypse"), Benioff needs to show investors that his products will become even more useful with AI rather than get buried by AI.
The additional money values OpenAI at the same $730 billion valuation ($852 billion if you include the new capital)
In a lengthy blog post about the funding, OpenAI described the retail investor component, which will also entail OpenAI stock being included in several exchange-traded funds managed by ARK Invest, as a way of "giving more people the opportunity to share in the upside economics of OpenAI and the AI era."
Shares of Amir Chand Jagdish Kumar (Exports), Sai Parenteral’s and Powerica Ltd are set to list on the exchanges on Thursday after their initial public offerings (IPOs) witnessed healthy subscription during March 24–27.
According to Investorgain, the company’s shares were quoting a GMP of Rs 3.75, suggesting a potential upside of around 1.7–2 percent over the issue price.
The Rs 440-crore IPO of the basmati rice exporter was subscribed 3.23 times on the final day of bidding.
Mahesh M. Ojha, Vice President – Research and Business Development at Kantilal Chhaganlal Securities, said the company has a diversified portfolio of rice varieties marketed under several in-house brands and ranks third among peers in terms of revenue.
He added that the firm has a strong production capacity and has expanded into the FMCG staples segment.
"At the upper price band, the company is valued at 36.1 times FY25 earnings and 16.9 times FY26 earnings.
Powerica shares were quoting a GMP of about 1 percent ahead of listing.
The Rs 1,100-crore IPO of the power solutions provider was subscribed 1.45 times, driven largely by institutional demand.
Powerica is engaged in providing integrated power solutions, including diesel generator sets and medium-speed large generators across a wide capacity range.
Ojha said the company appears reasonably valued, though it has seen a decline in net profit in the last financial year.
Meanwhile, Sai Parenteral’s shares were indicating a flat GMP, suggesting a muted listing.
The company operates in the pharmaceutical formulations space, including branded generics and contract development and manufacturing services for domestic and international markets.
"At the upper price band, the stock appears fairly valued based on its earnings multiples.
On Friday, the IRS launched a portal where those who are not required to file U.S. income taxes can submit their direct deposit information, in order to get their stimulus checks from the government as part of the CARES Act.
Those eligible for the stimulus payments include U.S. citizens who have a valid Social Security number, could not be claimed as a dependent of another taxpayer, or had adjusted gross income under certain limits.
While most people will automatically receive stimulus checks by direct deposit or by mail, the portal will be a way for those who did not file taxes recently to get their banking information to the government.
Gujarat Victory Forgings IPO | The proposed offer comprises a fresh issue of up to 65 lakh equity shares and an offer for sale of up to 1.32 crore equity shares by a promoter.
Sathya Agencies IPO | The proposed offer comprises a fresh issue of equity shares aggregating to Rs 300 crore and an offer for sale (OFS) of equity shares worth Rs 300 crore by promoters.
After being oversold and with bears showing some signs of fatigue, the Nifty 50 may see a rebound towards 22,500–22,700; however, sustainability remains key going forward.
Equity markets will remain shut on two weekdays in addition to regular weekend closures-April 3 for Good Friday and April 14 for Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Jayanti.
The light-weight metal advanced toward $3,500 a ton in London, on course for a monthly gain of 10%.
That’s a decrease of $5.83 since yesterday morning and roughly $30 more than at this time last year.
A range of factors influence how oil trades, yet supply and demand remain the main drivers.
When fears of economic slowdown, conflict, or similar shocks rise, oil prices can move sharply.
Spikes in oil prices tend to push gas prices higher in short order.
But when oil prices decline, gas prices often ease down gradually, a behavior known as “rockets and feathers.”
Its main goal is to safeguard energy security when disasters strike—think sanctions, severe storm damage, or war.
If oil prices increase, some industries may swap natural gas for some segments of their operations where possible, increasing the demand for natural gas.
In fact, the U.S. Energy Information Administration now leans on Brent as its primary reference in its Annual Energy Outlook.
For example:- The early 1970s brought the first big oil shock when the Middle East cut exports and imposed an embargo on the U.S. and others during the Yom Kippur War.- Prices dropped in the mid-1980s for reasons such as weaker demand and more non-OPEC oil producers entering the industry.- Prices spiked again in 2008 with rising global demand, but soon crashed alongside the global financial crisis.-
During the 2020 COVID lockdown, oil demand collapsed like never before, bringing prices to under $20 per barrel.
The current price of oil per barrel depends largely on supply and demand, including news about potential future supply and demand (geopolitics, decisions made by OPEC+, etc.).
Shares of capital market firms rallied on April 1 as Reserve Bank of India on March 30 deferred the implementation of rules for banks' exposure to capital markets to July 1.
RBI also eased some of the conditions that brokers had pushed back against as markets were roiled by volatility due to the Iran conflict.
RBI also eased capital adequacy norms for banks issuing payment commitments to stock exchange clearing corporations by limiting the exposure on which capital must be held.
Shares of Groww rose nearly 4% to Rs 155.95 apiece while those of NSDL climbed nearly 6%.
Over 2% rise in benchmark indices also aided in bullish sentiment towards capital market stocks.
“It is good that RBI has delayed implementation of these rules as there is a lot of volatility anyway due to the Iran war,” Deven Choksey, managing director at DRChoksey FinServ told Bloomberg.
The once-a-century strangeness of this downturn has combined with the way stock indexes are calculated and an element of sheer chance to produce this apparent contradiction.
Back in January, the economy was growing at a respectable 2.1% annual rate, unemployment was a minuscule 3.6%, and Americans were still spending more money every month, as they had been doing in a nearly unbroken 11-year rise.
By all those measures, the economy is now in the worst shape since the Great Depression, with GDP plunging, unemployment officially at 13.3% (suspected by many economists to be higher), and consumption spending in free fall.
Yet the S&P 500 index, the most widely cited gauge of U.S. stock performance, was recently down just 1.4% from Jan. 1.
To solve it, understand first that the S&P 500 index is weighted by market value, meaning the stock performance of extremely valuable companies like Microsoft and Apple (recently Nos.
1 and 2 by market capitalization) influence the index far more heavily than do companies like Gap and Alliance Data Systems (Nos.
Most stock indexes are weighted the same way.
Not every company in those four sectors is a winner, but of the 11 sectors, those four have achieved the best stock performance this year, as homebound consumers worldwide bought more tech products, watched more TV, and ordered from Amazon, with trillions of dollars of help from government stimulus programs.
When the most heavily weighted sectors and companies outperform the others, they become even more heavily weighted, while the struggling sectors become even less weighted.
Energy is by far the worst performing sector year to date, but in the index, its historic decline is wiped out by Amazon’s rocketing stock.
Technology stock prices would crater, however, and because the tech-dominated sectors were so heavily weighted going in, their sudden crisis would initially cause the whole S&P 500 index to drop like a cannonball.
There’s nothing wrong with an index that’s weighted by market capitalization.
Yes, a high and rising stock market with some 30 million not working seems crazy.
As stock indexes rise or fall in the months ahead, it’s worth remembering that indexes don’t pretend to be anything more than what they are, a gauge of investor sentiment.
Thus, the sticker prices of EVs fall as battery costs decline.
It’s expected to gain strength and become the first major hurricane to hit Florida’s east coast in 15 years.
“Dorian is forecast to continue strengthening during the next few days over the Atlantic waters,” according to the center.
Dorian could drop 4 to 6 inches of rain on the islands, according to the hurricane center, and as much as 10 inches in some isolated places.
Meanwhile, residents of San Juan have been crowding into shopping centers to stock up on food and water, and boarding up windows to keep them from breaking.
While working at a major renewable energy developer, Varun Sivaram realized that the boom in AI and data centers was outpacing the construction of new power generation, even as wait times for grid interconnections grew longer.
In a bid to address this need, Sivaram founded a software company called Emerald AI to develop grid flexibility for data centers—essentially reducing power consumption at times of peak load demand on the grid during the hottest or coldest days each year—without harming AI operations.
Emerald AI’s pitch quickly won financial backing and support from Nvidia, which has helped fast-track the company’s growth and deployment of its AI software.
The longer-term goal is for power-flexible AI factories to unlock up to 100 gigawatts of extra grid capacity from the existing U.S. power grid thanks to increased efficiencies.
A grid interconnection study can take years of regulatory reviews, but if you can offer power flexibility at peak demand times, developers may get almost immediate grid hookups, Spieler told Fortune.
“You can really think of it as highly reactive, demand response at scale.”
The move comes as the country grapples with a surge in infections among foreign workers who live in often-cramped dormitories and facilities.
While local officials sometimes defer their investigation as federal prosecutors conduct criminal probes, there was no requirement for the police department to wait for the federal civil rights investigation in weighing a decision about whether to fire Pantaleo.
The industry has added thousands of jobs since a crisis in 2009 that sent General Motors and Chrysler into bankruptcy protection.
After a record sales year of 17.55 million in 2016 demand has fallen to an expected 16.8 million new vehicle sales this year.
E.T.Iran said Sunday it would no longer abide by any of the limits of its unraveling 2015 nuclear deal with world powers after a U.S. airstrike killed a top Iranian general in Baghdad, ending an accord that blocked Tehran from having enough material to build an atomic weapon.
Iran’s state TV cited a statement by President Hassan Rouhani’s administration saying the country will not observe limitations on its enrichment, the amount of stockpiled enriched uranium as well as research and development in its nuclear activities.
The conflict is rooted in President Donald Trump pulling out of Iran’s atomic accord and imposing sanctions that have crippled Iran’s economy.
Many saw Soleimani as a pillar of the Islamic Republic at a moment when it is beset by U.S. sanctions and recent anti-government protests.
Iranian officials planned to meet Sunday night to discuss taking a fifth step away from its 2015 nuclear deal with world powers, one that could be even greater than planned, Foreign Ministry spokesman Abbas Mousavi told journalists.
Shares of shipping and logistics firms rallied on Wednesday amid indications of a possible de-escalation in the West Asia conflict.
US President Donald Trump also said Washington could halt its military operations against Iran within two to three weeks, adding that Tehran may not necessarily need to reach a formal agreement for the conflict to wind down.
Shares of Great Eastern Shipping Company rose up to 3.5 percent, while Shipping Corporation of India advanced 6.5 percent.
Delhivery shares rose over 5 percent, while Blue Dart Express and Allcargo Logistics gained 3.82 percent and 7.8 percent, respectively.
Pravesh Gour, Senior Technical Analyst at Swastika Investmart, said shipping stocks emerged as key beneficiaries as the Strait of Hormuz is a vital global trade route, especially for oil transportation, and any reduction in conflict risk boosts confidence in shipping and logistics companies.
Shares of Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers surged over 16 percent to Rs 2,289.60 on the BSE after the company reported its highest-ever annual turnover of Rs 6,400 crore for FY 2025-26, up 26 percent from Rs 5,076 crore in the previous fiscal.
Indian equities have fallen 15 per cent this year, and the Nifty-50 index is now pricing in a long-term free-cash-flow growth rate of 10.5 per cent.
Back in early 2021, India was emerging from a pandemic with a strong earnings surge ahead, crude oil was coming off historic lows, and fiscal deficit worries were not on the radar.
Near-term valuation measures have become less reliable because there is genuine risk to earnings if the conflict drags on through the year.
A few months ago investors were still in “bottom-fishing” mode — looking for bargains ahead of the rally that would follow a negotiated pause.
Bernstein mapped near-term EBITDA growth expectations against longer-term assumptions for the 94 stocks.
Stocks have fled to the extremes — and a particularly large crowd has gathered in the bottom-left quadrant: low near-term EBITDA growth but still-optimistic longer-term assumptions.
Across the 94-stock sample, the expected FY25-27 EBITDA CAGR has collapsed from around 35 per cent (as of March 2025) to just 19 per cent today.
Earnings have been running in the mid-to-low single digits since the second half of 2024, and the downgrades have not stopped.
Sapphire Foods saw a -32.2% downgrade in the same period.
Its implied long-term growth expectations have fallen sharply from 14 per cent to 9 per cent — enough, Bernstein says, to make it “meaningfully cheap” versus its own 3-4 year history.
On the flip side, cement and energy largely escaped the big downgrade wave.
The report also notes that overall FY25-27 EBITDA CAGR across the 94 stocks has collapsed from 35 per cent (as of March 2025) to just 19 per cent today — but the pain has not been shared equally.
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 7, 2019Over the weekend, Trump threatened to declare a national state of emergency in order to use still-unspecified presidential “emergency powers” to force a border wall to be built.
No formal proposals have been made yet and it’s unlikely a deal will be set by the league’s season opener on Sept. 5.
While issues like these will impact fans the most, the parties still are reportedly not close on the issue that’s most central to them—how to split league revenue as part of the next collective bargaining agreement.
Amazon struck a deal with NBC to air select Thursday night games this season, but the last one was broadcast on the retail giant’s streaming service on Dec. 12.
Just yesterday, Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin dropped a timely reminder of just how much is riding on Boeing’s turnaround.
“There’s no question that the Boeing situation is going to slow down the GDP numbers,” Mnuchin said in a Fox News interview.
“Boeing is one of the largest exporters, and with the 737 Max, I think that could impact GDP as much as 50 basis points this year.”
Calhoun also has deep experience in managing corporate crises, such as during his time as chairman of Caterpillar when multiple federal agencies raided the company over claims of tax fraud in 2017.
“What one really needs is a safety culture.
That safety culture can be led by someone who is seriously committed by safety, whether they are an engineer or not.
It requires complete commitment from the board, the CEO, and the chief risk officers to say, ‘Schedules are important but [a lack of] safety can kill the company.'”Another advantage of Calhoun is that a full outsider would lack knowledge of the operations and culture of a sprawling company that employs over 130,000.
In the first nine months of 2019, Boeing had a negative operating cash flow of (negative) -$226 million, compared to $12.4 billion in the same period of 2018.
Boeing is reportedly looking to raise as much as $5 billion in debt to cover costs.
The “sudden drop in the firm’s operating cash flows [is] causing the firm to take on significantly more leverage and potentially disrupt its relationships with suppliers,” according to a client note from Management CV, which analyzes senior management performance at public companies.
Ivan Feinseth, chief investor officer and director of research at Tigress Financial Partners, which advises large investors and also holds some Boeing stock for clients, thinks that by next month the company needs to show a plan to get the MAX back in the air by early summer at the latest.
“We had a very tough relationship with them,” says Peter Goelz, currently a senior vice president of government and public relations firm O’Neill and Associates and a former managing director of the National Transportation Safety Board from 1996 to 2000.
Airline customers the world over have been burned by having to ground MAX planes or hold off on delivery of new planes that they badly needed, messing with business operations.
American Airlines Group, for one, fought Boeing in the courts for damages (the airline says the MAX grounding shaved $540 million from its 2019 pretax profits), before reaching a partial settlement.
As the MAX grounding has stopped production, a host of vendors are feeling the pain.
Tick Segerblom, a Clark County, Nevada, commissioner who was at Sanders’ fundraiser Tuesday, said the senator seemed fine at the time.
He is one of three candidates over age 70 in the Democratic primary, which has spurred debate over whether the party should rally behind a new generation of political leaders.
Sanders’ hospitalization came on a day of celebration for his campaign, which had earlier announced the Democratic field’s strongest quarterly fundraising numbers so far.
On a telephone call with supporters, campaign manager Faiz Shakir said the “state of the campaign is strong” and touted its fundraising totals and its first television ad campaign scheduled to launch in Iowa.
Warren told liberal activists in Las Vegas that she called and texted Sanders and that she “wants to see him strong and back on the trail as soon as possible.”“We want to send our best wishes for a quick recovery to @BernieSanders today,” tweeted Julián Castro, an Obama administration housing chief.
The campaign said at the time he felt fine.
“I have never said a negative word about Elizabeth Warren, who is a friend of mine,” Sanders told reporters during a rally in Iowa.
Earlier, Trump tweeted, “The Fake News Media and their Democrat Partners are working hard to determine whether or not the future attack by terrorist Soleimani was “imminent” or not, & was my team in agreement.
But with two more rounds of voting scheduled over the next 10 days — including Super Tuesday’s massive delegate haul — the party may identify a consensus candidate long before the convention.
While the possibility of impeachment has hung over Trump for many months, the likelihood of a probe had faded after special counsel Robert Mueller’s Trump-Russia investigation ended without a clear directive for lawmakers.
In a highly polarized Congress, an impeachment inquiry could simply showcase how clearly two sides can disagree when shown the same evidence rather than approach consensus.
The lawyer for the whistleblower, who is still anonymous, released a statement saying he had asked Trump’s director of national intelligence to turn over the complaint to House committees and asking guidance to permit the whistleblower to meet with lawmakers.
Pelosi suggested that this new episode — examining whether a president abused his power for personal political gain — would be easier to explain to Americans than some of the issues that arose during the Mueller investigation and other congressional probes.
Months before, Harrison had retired following a spectacularly successful run saving Canadian Pacific, and parachuted into the top job at CSX; the announcement alone added several billion dollars to CSX’s market cap overnight.
During the entire interview, Harrison breathed through tubes attached to an oxygen tank, explaining that though he needed a little respiratory help, he was fully capable of upending CSX’s traditional approach to running a railroad with his daring, disruptive strategy of point-to-point delivery.
On the eve of Twitter’s IPO (fall of 2013), I flew to St. Louis to interview Jack Dorsey in his hometown.
It was important because it’s a wide-ranging conversation about Blackstone’s dealings in China, the ethical challenges surrounding artificial intelligence, the rise of cryptocurrencies, and whether he sees a looming recession on the horizon.
Feinberg has been the go-to adjudicator/mediator for every major victims settlement won from the U.S. government, starting with Agent Orange and including, but not limited to, 9/11, the 2009 recession, and the BP oil spill.
But referring to Libra, Ersek presciently called into question the longevity of a currency “which is overruling the central bank currency.”
It was the first interview Steve Cohen did with anyone since his infamous insider-trading scandal, which shut down his hedge fund three years earlier.
This may have been the case for the recent mass layoffs at fintech Block; some saw it as an effort by CEO Jack Dorsey to regain investors’ confidence after its stock tanked.
That’s because a permanent restructuring of how work is organized is a far heavier lift than an overnight shift to working from a makeshift home office.
“I do not see this as a model for the U.S. and U.K., at least in the long term, because the current sharp rise in fuel costs is temporary,” Rivkin says.
“Public transport systems in large European cities are generally more developed and less reliant on individual transport use than those in certain emerging economies,” she says, adding that limited transport infrastructure and higher exposure to fuel price volatility make last-minute policy changes more necessary.
But workers in lower-skilled, customer-facing, or physically demanding roles—delivery drivers, construction workers, care workers, retail staff—face a fundamentally different reality.
As the stock market convulses, airline schedules buckle and businesses worry their overseas supply lines will snap, President Donald Trump is looking on the sunny side of an economy clouded by the coronavirus.
The Facts: He seems to be suggesting that people with COVID-19 can go to work if they have minor symptoms, contradicting the guidance of his federal health officials.
FDA guidance drafted during the Obama administration called for tighter regulation of so-called laboratory-developed tests, a market traditionally not overseen by the agency.
But that guidance was not brought into effect.
Coronavirus shows how we need vaccines before, not after, an outbreakOn the U.S.’s preparedness for coronavirus outbreakTrump claim: The U.S. is “ranked by far No. 1 in the world for preparedness” — North Carolina rally.
Companies receiving a government loan would be subject to a ban on stock buybacks through the term of the loan plus one additional year.
Trade groups representing those sectors lobbied Congress hard for loans, grants and unemployment assistance because their businesses have also suffered coronavirus-related revenue losses.
The details of the stimulus plan pushed the broader market to session highs, with the S&P 500 gaining as much as 5.1% before paring gains to close up 1.2%.
Airlines win loans, cash-for-equity bailoutsStruggling U.S. airlines would be eligible to receive federal loans and direct cash assistance if they are willing to give an option for an ownership stake to the government.
But the carriers will tap a similar amount in cash assistance for payrolls that should eliminate the risk of near-term bankruptcies, JPMorgan analyst Jamie Baker said in a report Wednesday.
Amtrak would get $1.02 billion to cover coronavirus-related revenue losses and support state-funded routes.
It also includes $11 billion for vaccines, therapeutics, diagnostics and other medical needs, and at least $250 million to improve the capacity of health-care facilities to respond to medical events, according to a summary by the Senate Appropriations Committee.
The measure would temporarily lift Medicare payment cuts and includes a 20% increase in Medicare payments to hospitals for treating Covid-19 patients.
But “more will need to be done to deal with the unprecedented challenge of this virus,” Rick Pollack, head of the American Hospital Association, said in a statement.
Mortgage servicers, who collect homeowners’ monthly payments, couldn’t demand documentation proving economic hardship.
Emergency aid for farmers includedThe stimulus package includes up to $23.5 billion in farm aid.
Agriculture groups including the American Farm Bureau Federation, the United Fresh Produce Association and livestock groups had sought aid in the stimulus package.
Businesses owned by members of Congress, heads of executive departments and Vice President Mike Pence also would be blocked from receiving aid under the stimulus program.
The omission of expanded tax incentives for renewable energy and spending on green infrastructure is a blow to advocates of solar, wind and electric vehicles who worry that a buildup of new federal debt from stimulus spending will discourage green investment and lending in the future.
The Energy Department can use other agency funds and it can seek more money in future stimulus legislation.
Anne Bradbury, head of the American Exploration and Production Council that represents independent oil producers, said the group is “confident that DOE will be able to meet the president’s directive to purchase as much as $3 billion in U.S.-produced crude.”
The panel of medical experts issued its recommendation after reviewing findings about the vaccine’s basic safety and effectiveness.
That mRNA is encased in a shell made of lipids, or fats, for delivery.
Can you still transmit COVID after being vaccinated?Trials for the Pfizer vaccine measured its safety and its effectiveness in preventing symptoms in individuals.
The markets: A global rally is underway as Trump says the Iran war will end within weeks.- Plus: All the news and watercooler chat from Fortune.
As CFO and president, Bastian led the airline through a significant turnaround that began with filing for bankruptcy in 2005.
It all paid off: Today, Delta is the most profitable airline in America.
Delta enjoys this title despite the fact that it gives away a chunk of profits to its 100,000 employees every year—and thanks in part to a long-term partnership with American Express, which Bastian has nurtured to be extremely lucrative.
Delta-Amex cards are now responsible for over 10% of Delta’s total revenue.
When we spoke about his turnaround strategy, Bastian cited two other micro-turnarounds that reoriented the company: a brand overhaul and the rebuilding of team culture:
Marc Andreessen says AI-induced layoffs are an excuseInvestor Marc Andreessen told the 20VC podcast that AI is the “silver bullet excuse” for layoffs at large companies he believes are all “overstaffed by 25%.”
Then Taylor Swift announced fans would have the opportunity to attend 17 more dates on the U.S. leg of her upcoming Eras tour due to “unprecedented” demand, bringing the total number of performances to 52 from the initial 27.
The company, which is owned by Live Nation, has instituted a number of changes to its ticketing process over the years—particularly for acts with sizable interest like Swift—to help prevent scalpers and bots from buying up all of the inventory and immediately reselling the tickets at a premium.
Due to pandemic-related cost increases and lost revenue from streaming platforms, artists are generally taking a bigger cut of tour ticket sales.
Ticketmaster and other brokers then make up the revenue lost to artists by adding on convenience fees, processing fees, and service fees, among others.
The fee varies by event based on its agreement with each individual client (in this case, Swift).
A processing fee is also usually added per order, unless tickets are purchased in person at the box office or venue.
Delivery and facility fees are determined by the client, according to Ticketmaster.
Depending on demand, dynamic pricing controlled by an algorithm can change the cost of “Platinum” tickets from one minute to the next.
“While there’s a range in place, that’s subject to change, especially for Platinum tickets, which are the high-demand sections,” says Jesse Lawrence, founder of TicketIQ, a no-fee secondary ticket market, and FanIQ, a platform that helps sports teams sell tickets directly to consumers.
Most concertgoers have dealt with inflated prices over the past few years, as they try to beat bots and increased demand.
But on the company’s website, it blames the resale market for the increase in ticket prices.
After lawyer and campaign finance reformist Fred Wertheimer levied a lawsuit on behalf of the watchdog group Common Cause, the list, which the New York Times called “Rose Mary’s Baby,” was forced into the public.
Archrival Polymarket has also exploded in growth and is in talks to raise a new round of funding at a roughly $20 billion valuation, the Wall Street Journal reported.
Paradigm’s push into prediction markets also comes as the firm continues to expand beyond its historical remit of digital assets into other sectors in tech.
And more recently, Paradigm has partnered with fintech giant Stripe to build Tempo, a high-speed blockchain designed for stablecoins, or cryptocurrencies pegged to real-world assets like the U.S. dollar.
Enhancing Beijing’s role in the pandemic could be politically helpful to President Donald Trump, who has sought to shift blame for the U.S. outbreak away from his administration’s delays in achieving widespread testing for the virus and mobilizing greater production of supplies such as face masks and hospital ventilators.
Powell warns college students about debtFed Chair Jerome Powell told an economics class at Harvard on Monday that the current U.S. debt load is “not sustainable” and warned that the situation “will not end well if we don’t do something fairly soon.”
His suggested fix isn’t paying the debt off outright, but instead ensuring that the economy grows faster than the amount the U.S. owes.
Ryanair has seen “a notable drop in forward bookings towards the end of March, into early April,” the airline’s CEO, Michael O’Leary, said in a press release.
The Gates fortune had about $60 billion of equity assets as of Monday, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
By comparison, the average family office portfolio in North America held about 32% of its assets in equities in 2018, according to Campden Wealth’s 2018 global family office report.
The growth overseen by the billionaire’s investment chief, Michael Larson, who oversees family office Cascade Investment, has enabled Gates to build the world’s largest private foundation without diminishing his fortune.
Defying the optimism exuded by Trump on North Korea, Coats said the government of Kim Jong Un is “unlikely to completely give up its nuclear weapons and production capabilities.”
Coats also undercut the president on Iran, testifying that intelligence agencies believed Iran was continuing to comply with the the 2015 nuclear agreement from which Trump withdrew in 2018.
Since then, following U.S. moves to ramp up sanctions on the Islamic Republic, Iran began enriching uranium beyond agreed-upon limits.
In May, Coats addressed concerns that Trump’s order telling the intelligence community to share classified documents about the start of the Russia probe with the Justice Department could result in national security secrets becoming public.
Labor Secretary Alex Acosta resigned on July 12 after coming under fire for his handling of a decade-old sex crimes case against investor Jeffrey Epstein, who faces new charges for trafficking girls as young as 14 for sex.
Trump is alleged to have abused the power of his office by putting personal political gain over national security interests, engaging in bribery by withholding $400 million in military aid Congress had approved for Ukraine, and then obstructing Congress by stonewalling the investigation.
“ If we do not act to hold him in check, now, President Trump will almost certainly try again to solicit interference in the election for his personal political gain.”
Based on two months of investigation sparked by a still-anonymous government whistleblower’s complaint, the Intelligence Committee’s impeachment report found that Trump “sought to undermine the integrity of the U.S. presidential election process and endangered U.S. national security.”
When Congress began investigating, it says, Trump obstructed the investigation like no other president in history.
Gold prices in India keep changing due to multiple factors including global market condition and the strength of the US dollar, thus leaving varying impact from city to city depending on demand and supply in local markets.
There are several factors that affect gold rates in India including fluctuations in the global market to the strength of the USD, import costs, interest rates on banks' fixed deposits, economic stability, seasonal prices, inflation and demand-supply, among others.
While high inflation rates increase the demand for gold and vice versa, its price also shoots up as with an increase in demand.
Just like any other product, demand and supply also affect gold prices.
With a rise in demand and supply for gold, its prices have also increased.
Determined by a combination of factors including international market behaviour, demand, supply and inflation, among others, gold prices in India are indicated by the Multi Commodity Exchange of India Ltd. and the National Commodities and Derivatives Exchange Limited (NCDEX).
Factors that potentially affect gold rates in India are fluctuations in the global market, strength of the USD, import costs, interest rates on banks' fixed deposits, economic stability, seasonal prices, inflation and demand-supply.
For example, any rise in the US Fed interest rate will result in money flowing into government securities and the banking system from gold reserves.
The epidemic subtracted an estimated 0.8 percentage point from gross domestic product growth in China in 2003, according to a China Daily report that cited a National Bureau of Statistics official.
However, uncertainty driven by the US-Iran conflict still looms large, making the sustainability of this rally a key factor to watch in the upcoming sessions.
Sustaining above this level could possibly trigger a new leg of rally.
The Nifty 50 opened nearly 567 points higher around the 22,900 zone and climbed to 22,941 but failed to sustain those levels due to profit booking at higher levels amid uncertainty related to the Iran conflict.
Bank NiftyThe banking index also rebounded following a sharp correction in the previous couple of sessions, rising 1,173 points (2.33 percent) to 51,449 after a gap-up opening.
Bank Nifty also exhibited a clear positive divergence on the RSI in the daily chart, with prices making lower lows while the RSI made higher lows, signaling a potential recovery phase.
"In the near term, the outlook appears bullish, with scope for further upside momentum.
Immediate support is placed at the 50,500 level, while resistance is seen in the 51,800–52,000 zone," said Vatsal Bhuva, Technical Analyst at LKP Securities.
According to him, a sustained move above the resistance zone could trigger a recovery towards 52,900–53,000 levels.
Gates may have been helped in part by the Pentagon’s surprise decision announced Oct. 25 to award a $10 billion cloud-computing contract to Microsoft over Amazon.
Shares of Microsoft have since climbed 4%, giving Gates a $110 billion fortune, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index.
Amazon’s stock is down about 2% since the announcement, putting Bezos’s net worth at $108.7 billion.
Gates, 64, had briefly topped Bezos, 55, on an intraday basis last month after Amazon posted its first profit drop in two years, but shares of the world’s biggest online retailer pared the decline.
“If I’d had to pay $20 billion, it’s fine,” he said.
The IPO will consist of issuance of 2.55 crore equity shares, and an offer-for-sale of shares worth up to Rs 235 crore by existing shareholders, as per the DRHP filed on March 31.
It has an installed capacity of 171.68 MW including 171.53 MW of solar water pumping systems and 0.15 MW of rooftop solar system.
As of DRHP, it has one EPC contract and received two Letter of Intent for installation of ground mounted solar system of 120 MW.
It has recorded profit of Rs 40.4 crore and revenue of Rs 274.3 crore for April-September period of financial year 2025-26.
Profit in the fiscal 2025 has grown four-fold to Rs 30.8 crore from Rs 7.7 crore in previous year.
Revenue increased 126 percent to Rs 302 crore from Rs 133.7 crore in the same period.
The merchant banker for managing the Sadbhav Futuretech IPO is Beeline Capital Advisors.
It’s unclear if Trump will discuss the recent Phase One agreement with China and ongoing trade disputes with other countries.
Biden held a rally in Dallas on Monday night, where he showcased two of his newest supporters and former rivals, Amy Klobuchar and Beto O’Rourke.
Sanders is holding an election night rally at the Champlain Valley fairgrounds in Essex Junction.
Update: For the week of March 12, rates on the average 30-year fixed-rate mortgage rose slightly to 3.36% due to a surge in applications, according to Freddie Mac.
One bright spot as the coronavirus ravages the stock market?Buying a house—or refinancing one—has never been cheaper.
The rate tends to dip in disasters and times of great uncertainty as it takes nods from bond market yields.
But, say experts, there may not be enough supply to meet the rising demand.
“Home sales won’t be as responsive (to lower mortgage rates) as say if we had greater supply,” says Freddie Mac deputy chief economist Len Kiefer, who still expects to see a healthy 3-5% growth in home sales this year—assuming coronavirus’ impact remains contained.
That has made it difficult to meet demand since.
In an earlier study, Freddie Mac estimated that the U.S. needs 3.3 million housing units to meet demand—particularly in Oregon, Colorado, California, and Florida.
“We have never had to deal with something like this before.”
With rates this low, the company’s volumes were $3 billion last week alone, and mortgage companies have increased hiring to meet demand.
Home construction is expected to rise moderately this year according to Joel Kan, associate vice president of forecasting at the Mortgage Banker’s Association.
“The impact of the virus is impossible to predict with certainty, but any prolonged slowdown in Chinese or global economic and manufacturing activity is likely to have significant ramifications for construction costs,” JLL analysts wrote in their United States 2020 Construction Outlook.
The drop off in homebuyers and sellers has been “significant,” Glenn Kelman wrote in a post.
“If we thought there was going to be a boom, we would say that.”
Trump’s comments came during a meeting with Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan a day after Trump attended a rally in Houston with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi.12:36 p.m. –
Gerald Plummer logged into his bank account last week expecting to find his stimulus check had been direct deposited.
As Fortune has been reporting, ever since the IRS last Wednesday launched its Get My Payment portal, to track the status of stimulus checks, many users have been getting the same message: Payment Status Not Available.
But when it came time to send stimulus checks, the IRS erroneously sent their stimulus money to the tax return preparers, Winchester says.
Yang also said that his proposed “Freedom Dividend” would help lower-income families support their children’s educational needs while alleviating teachers already overburdened because many are going beyond classroom instruction, compensating for support some students aren’t getting at home.
Both Warren and Bernie Sanders promoted student debt cancellation plans.
8:45 p.m. – Buttigieg jabs Trump over trade war with ChinaDemocratic presidential hopeful Pete Buttigieg says President Donald Trump “clearly has no strategy” in his trade war with China.
Trump has scoffed at Buttigieg’s candidacy, often saying he’d like to see the 37-year-old make a deal with Chinese leader Xi Jinping (shee jihn-peeng).
Buttigieg says, “I’d like to see him make a deal with Xi Jinping.”
She says “a crisis that Donald Trump has created and hopes to profit from politically.”
He said Thursday at the third Democratic debate that “This is about candor, honesty,” suggesting Warren’s plan to increase income taxes on wealthier Americans by 2% falls far short of the estimated $30 billion the plan would cost.
Warren says “We all owe a huge debt to President Obama” because he “fundamentally transformed health care in America.”
If elected president, Yang has proposed what he calls a “Freedom Dividend,” which would give every citizen 18 and older $1,000 each month, something Yang says would address poverty and help Americans cover basic needs.
12:18 p.m. – Warren asks Amazon to drop contractorsElizabeth Warren is calling out Amazon.com Inc. for “ignoring labor laws and fostering work conditions that are detrimental to the safety and basic humanity of its workers.”
The presidential candidate and Massachusetts senator on Thursday demanded that Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos drop contractors that violate labor laws and enforce safety standards to protect delivery drivers and the general public.
“Amazon’s pursuit of larger profit margins, increasingly unsustainable delivery expectations, and methods to avoid regulatory and legal oversight are alarming,” Warren said in a letter co-signed by Democratic Senators Richard Blumenthal and Sherrod Brown.
The letter cited news reports, including a joint investigation by ProPublica and New York Times, that said Amazon contractors were involved in more than 60 accidents since June 2015, causing multiple deaths.
“Amazon is proud of our strong safety and labor compliance record across our transportation network of employees and contractors, and we continue to drive improvements that benefit our transportation providers, our customers and the public,” Amazon said in a statement.
The newspaper ads take on some of the Democrats’ positions on private health insurance, the fossil fuel industry, and regulation.
A former hedge fund manager, Steyer left investment in 2012 to focus on political action.
While he has long been an advocate for tackling climate change, Steyer does not directly support the Green New Deal.
As a House representative during the recession, Sestak said he and his team saved over 800 homes from foreclosure, expanded health services, and aided veterans.
And that is what really makes ‘America First.’”Sestak also mentioned China’s “emerging global order” and the need to address climate change on a global scale.
He spoke about the mistakes that led to the Iraq war and the following recession and criticized leadership for its irresponsibility.
Although he doesn’t directly mention the Green New Deal, Sestak supports similar goals such as stopping fossil fuel subsidies, charging carbon polluters, empowering the EPA, and rejoining the Paris Accord.
The platform laid out on her website includes many of the usual Democratic views: creating a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants, protecting the LGBTQ+ community, ending gerrymandering, supporting Planned Parenthood, rejoining the Paris agreement, reforming the criminal justice system, tightening gun control, etc.
She also supports middle-class tax cuts, the repealing of Trump’s 2017 corporate tax cuts, the Green New Deal, and Medicare-for-All.Coming from a background of spiritual teaching and activism (Williamson founded Project Angel Food during the AIDs epidemic to bring food to home-bound patients), there are some aspects of Williamson’s platform that stray drastically from what other Democrats have suggested.
The first policy would translate into better regulation of corporations.
This money would come from the consolidation of some welfare programs and the implementation of a 10% value-added tax, or a tax on the production of goods or services a business produces.
He also proposes increased forgiveness and payback plans for student debt, and supports the Green New Deal.
While he does not support the Green New Deal, Delaney has promised to rejoin the Paris agreement, implement a federal carbon tax, and invest in green infrastructure, renewable energy, and negative emissions technologies while ending fossil fuel subsidies.
In addressing minority populations, Delaney presented a “Commitment to Black America” that pledges to increase access to banking services, ensure minority entrepreneurs have opportunities for capital, and amend the criminal justice system.
He supports the Green New Deal and Medicare-for-All.
She’s not enthusiastic about the Green New Deal, but does promise to tackle climate change with green energy and infrastructure.
He thinks the Green New Deal sets “unachievable goals,” but supports legislation that tackles climate change and focuses on green energy (a position that diverges from his usual support for hydraulic fracturing).
“I’m the only candidate who will make defeating climate change our nation’s number one priority,” Inslee says in his campaign launch video, arguing a future of 100% renewable energy with a thriving green economy is possible.
While he supports the conversation around the Green New Deal, Inslee has his own answer to our damaged environment.
His plan, titled America’s Climate Mission, has four parts: creating an economy fueled by 100% clean energy and net-zero greenhouse gas pollution; fighting for environmental justice and economic inclusion; investing in good jobs, infrastructure, and innovation; and ending fossil fuel subsidies.
The internet goal is part of her $1 trillion infrastructure plan, which also aims to repair roads, modernize public transit, rebuild schools, increase energy efficiencies, and ensure clean water.
While she doesn’t specifically support the Green New Deal, Klobuchar promised to rejoin the Paris agreement on day one of her presidency.
With total student debt well above $1 trillion, Messam argues completely freeing graduates of this burden would boost annual GDP between $86 billion and $108 billion while creating more than 1 million new jobs each year.
As the mayor of Miramar, Fla., Messam is used to tackling big problems on a smaller scale: his city has passed a living wage, fought the oil industry, pledged support to the Paris agreement, protected immigrants, brought jobs back from China, and sued the state to overturn a law backed by the National Rifle Association.
He’s said he supports the “urgency and the end goal” of the Green New Deal, and plans to tackle the high costs of healthcare.
The office closed the investigation after Messam refused to interview, but referred the matter to the Florida Elections Commission.
“A lot of people have been left behind,” Ryan says in his launch video.
He supports some version of the Green New Deal and Medicare-for-All.
He was the first in his family to go to college, and with just under $100,000 in student loans, he proposed amendments to borrowing programs that will help “re-associate college with opportunity instead of crushing debt.”
His most controversial proposal is probably the mandatory national ban and buyback of military-style semiautomatic assault weapons—something he says no other candidate is proposing.
Salwell promised that within his first 100 days as president, he’d address gun violence, amend the student debt crisis, and work towards Medicare-for-All.
Salwell also expressed support of the Green New Deal.
Outside of immigration, Castro supports the Green New Deal and Medicare-for-All.
Gillibrand’s office said they had conducted a thorough investigation of the matter, but the ordeal has led to Gillibrand being criticized as hypocritical.
She supports both a Green New Deal and Medicare-for-All, and says she has introduced national paid family leave legislation every Congress since 2013.
In his campaign launch video, Moulton says that after four tours abroad, “I returned home and decided to run for Congress because I realized that a lot of Americans are feeling betrayed by Washington the same way that we did in Iraq.”
“As a veteran of combat and of the Armed Services Committee in Washington, I will cut the massive weapons programs we don’t need so that we have the money to invest in the future,” says Moulton in his launch video.
Moulton, a supporter of the Green New Deal, suggests investing in clean energy jobs and advanced infrastructure to build greater access to jobs and high-speed internet.
“That’s the same level of integrity we should demand from our leaders, particularly our commander-in-chief.”
Gravel’s campaign launch video begins with clips of other 2020 Democratic contenders speaking about the Green New Deal and Medicare-for-All, with an overlay of Gravel himself appearing disappointed in the background.
In his campaign launch video—titled “7,591 words,” for the number of words in the Constitution—Bennet acknowledges that aside from the aforementioned instances, he’s not well-known on the national stage.
He says he’ll create new options for rural communities to grow the economy through zero-emissions energy, although he has not endorsed the Green New Deal.
“As a Democratic governor of a state that Trump won by 20 points, I don’t have the luxury of just talking to people who agree with me,” says Bullock in his campaign launch video.
On his first day in office, Bullock says he will sign an executive order requiring every company to disclose all electoral contributions if they are to do business with the federal government.
He’s in favor of the Paris Agreement, but reportedly does not believe it’s possible to entirely reject fossil fuels in the short time period scientists have said is necessary.
Still, he supports regulations similar to many other progressives: he wrote an op-ed last year coming out in support of background checks, red flag laws, a bump stock ban, and more.
Yang grew his outsider candidacy by campaigning as a non-politician, someone who mixed unconventional campaign events — from bowling to ax throwing — with serious talk about the millions of jobs lost to automation and artificial intelligence and the dark outlook for American jobs and communities.
Yang promoted his signature issue of universal basic income, which he dubbed the “freedom dividend,” by announcing during a debate that he would choose individuals to receive the monthly $1,000 checks.
Instead of embracing “Medicare for All” and free college, Bennet ran on what he called his “Real Deal” platform of more modest but still ambitious goals.
As more and more travelers scrap—or at least, postpone—their plans, demand for tickets is plunging, forcing Delta Air Lines Inc. and its rivals to slash prices to try to fill planes.
The coronavirus has also altered consumer behavior across other industries: While airlines and restaurants appear to be losers, shoppers are snapping up items like disinfecting wipes and canned goods, creating some winners amid the broader decline of U.S. equities.
Hurricane Dorian could present a significant threat to South and Central Florida as it continues to gain strength and inches closer to the Atlantic coastline.
Gov. Ron DeSantis said local officials will decide Friday about whether to order voluntary or mandatory evacuations.
The Federal Trade Commission voted last week to fine Facebook $5 billion after the company violated an earlier pledge not to misuse consumer data.
Critics argue the penalty is too low—one scholar likened it to a “parking ticket“—but it’s still big money.
Meanwhile, the SEC has piled on with a $100 million fine of its own over Facebook’s misuse of consumers’ phone numbers.
Federal law requires that the money go to the U.S. Treasury’s general fund, which means the Facebook fine could be spent on any federal expenditure—Congressional haircuts, tax rebates, and new post offices—unrelated to online privacy.
Like earlier FTC fines, as well as numerous class action judgments, the Facebook penalty will do little to address the causes of the crisis.
The only direct impact of the record Facebook fine may be to scare other companies into shaping up their privacy practices—though even that is uncertain given how earlier FTC fines have failed to spur the tech industry to change its ways.
On July 24, the FTC announced a series of measures as part of the $5 billion settlement that are intended to change Facebook’s privacy practices.
“The proposed settlement does little to change the business model or practices that led to the recidivism,” a dissenting FTC Commissioner wrote.
An FTC spokesperson declined to comment to Fortune about the Facebook fine.
Now, Reddit’s r/WallStreetBets community is looking for the next company whose stock is set to explode—and seems to have settled on Blackberry.
The company behind the once iconic line of pagers and smartphones has seen its shares increase 137% year to date.
That’s nothing compared to the 1,472% increase in GameStop and the 2,705% bump for AMC, but it’s the biggest surge the company has seen in two years.
The stock is currently trading in the $15-$16 range, but the most enthusiastic investors are hoping to see it hit $50.
Meanwhile, user Substantial_Diver_34 showed a screenshot of what he says is his portfolio that is 100% committed to Blackberry, with over 6,400 shares.
WSB bulls say Blackberry has grown from being a phone company to a cybersecurity firm that has deals with Amazon and others and could be well positioned to take a position in the electric vehicle marketspace.
Now, their stock prices and market caps have increased so much in recent months that they could join the Russell 1000 by the end of the month.
In fact, the modern concept of gross domestic product (GDP) as a way to measure economic growth wasn’t developed until the aftermath of the Great Depression.
GDP was bourne out of this idea but it wasn’t the standard method used by countries around the globe until the end of WWII.
The National Bureau of Economic Research (NBER) lists the longest GDP contraction on record as 65 months in length which was from October 1873 to March 1879 in what is known as the Long Depression.
After a land price boom-bust in the early 1800s, the word panic entered the lexicon and was used to describe speculative economic episodes that resulted in a spectacular collapse.
Government officials decided they needed something that was less alarming to the public which is how the terms recession and depression came to be used to describe economic downturns of varying severity.
Recession vs. DepressionThere is no standard definition of the difference between a recession and a depression but depressions are typically more severe in terms of the magnitude and length of the economic contraction.
The average GDP contraction over the past six recessions was -2.5%, lasting 12 months on average.
The average GDP contraction over the past six depressions was -28.5%, lasting 22 months on average.
Economic activity was nearly as volatile as the stock market during the 19th century and early part of the 20th century.
The economy is far more mature now while the stock market still exhibits similar levels of volatility.
Greece, for instance, saw GDP decline 26% from 2008-2013 and unemployment spike to nearly 30%.
A shallow recession can feel like an opportunity for some but a depression for others.
Growth ETFs tend to have outsize exposure to stocks in the technology, communication services and consumer discretionary sectors.
In addition to segmenting by size, such as small-cap stocks or large-cap stocks, and the sector type, including those defined under the Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS), investors can also distinguish between two styles: value vs growth.
Article continues belowBut growth has dominated performance since the 2007 to 2009 Great Recession.
Even broad, core benchmarks like the S&P 500, designed to blend value and growth, lean heavily toward growth today.
For investors looking to double down on the growth style, options exist outside of broad market indices.
Growth exchange-traded funds (ETFs) are one of the simplest ways to capture this factor tilt.
Growth ETFs can be rules-based, tracking an index with objective criteria for screening and weighting stocks or actively managed by analysts using research and models.
A common screen is historical or forecasted earnings-per-share (EPS) growth.
It's popular because earnings growth often drives long-term stock performance.
Backward-looking EPS may reflect cyclical booms rather than durable growth, while forward-looking EPS depends on analyst forecasts and company guidance that can prove optimistic.
Another frequently used metric is return on equity (ROE), which measures how effectively a company generates profit from shareholders' equity.
ROE is calculated by dividing net income by shareholder equity, and growth-oriented companies often sustain double-digit ROE, signaling strong profitability and efficient capital use.
Growth investors often look at the price-to-earnings growth (PEG) ratio, which adjusts the traditional P/E ratio by factoring in expected earnings growth.
A PEG around 1.0 is often considered reasonable — suggesting a stock is fairly priced for its growth rate — while much higher ratios may indicate overvaluation.
The line between growth and momentum investing can blur.
Some growth ETFs incorporate technical analysis, targeting stocks trading above moving averages or relative strength indicators.
"Growth ETFs over the past decade have tended to share several characteristics:Heavy concentration of large-cap and mega-cap stocks in the top holdings.
Lower or nonexistent exposure to dividend-paying stocks and dividend yields, as many growth companies prefer to reinvest cash into expansion rather than pay shareholders.
How we picked the best growth ETFsThe first step in narrowing the universe of growth ETFs was deciding what to exclude.
Actively managed growth funds were taken off the list.
S&P's SPIVA study shows that nearly 90% of large-cap growth funds underperformed the S&P 500 Growth Index over a 15-year period.
We also limited our picks to large-cap growth ETFs.
Academic research and investing experts, including Larry Swedroe, have described small-cap growth strategies as "a black hole."
But small-cap growth stocks often combine the worst traits of both categories: limited profitability, stretched valuations and higher volatility without the historical return premium of small value.
Growth funds are a highly competitive category in 2026, so there is little justification for paying higher fees.Liquidity.
Finally, we required at least $1 billion in assets for economies of scale and investor trust.
Invesco NASDAQ 100 ETFAssets under management: $66.8 billionExpense ratio: 0.15%30-day median bid-ask spread: 0.01%3-year annualized total return: 23.0%The Invesco NASDAQ 100 ETF (QQQM) is the smaller, buy-and-hold counterpart to the Invesco QQQ Trust (QQQ).
Both ETFs track the Nasdaq-100 Index, which consists of the 100 largest non-financial companies listed on the exchange and weights them by market capitalization with minor adjustments.
The Vanguard Growth ETF (VUG) holds 154 stocks that make up the CRSP US Large Cap Growth Index.
Unlike QQQM, it does not exclude financials, so investors gain exposure to names such as Visa (V) and Mastercard (MA).
The growth tilt is clear in its fundamentals, with an average return on equity of 40.7% and average earnings growth of 32.6%.
On average, portfolio companies trade at 35 times earnings and 11.4 times book value.
The fund also has a pronounced technology bias, with 64.7% of assets in the sector.
Apple, Nvidia and Microsoft account for more than 34% of the ETF's total weight.
Many older growth mutual funds use the Russell 1000 Growth Index as their benchmark to beat, making iShares Russell 1000 Growth ETF (IWF) a popular "buy the haystack" option for ETF investors.
The portfolio includes 391 companies, offering similar exposures and metrics as VUG but in a slightly more diversified format.
Technology stocks make up 49.58% of assets, and Nvidia, Apple and Microsoft together account for 33.39% of the ETF's weight.
IWF carries a four-star Morningstar rating, reflecting how it has historically outperformed most of its large-cap growth peers on a risk-adjusted basis.
The same S&P 500 Growth Index that many active managers struggle to beat can be accessed at minimal cost through the SPDR Portfolio S&P 500 Growth ETF (SPYG).
SPYG elects the growth half of the S&P 500, resulting in 143 holdings best aligned with growth criteria.
The fund projects an estimated 3- to 5-year EPS growth rate of 17.1%.
The familiar style tilts are present but less pronounced than in other growth ETFs.
Nvidia, Apple and Microsoft together account for almost 31% of assets, while technology makes up 48.2% of the portfolio.
A modest 0.5% SEC yield also helps make SPYG a relatively tax-efficient option for taxable accounts.
The Schwab U.S. Large-Cap Growth ETF (SCHG) delivers broad growth exposure similar to IWF but at a much lower cost.
SCHG tracks the Dow Jones U.S. Large-Cap Growth Total Stock Market Index, which includes 196 holdings.
On average, portfolio companies show a return on equity of 34.87%, reflecting strong profitability.
As with other growth ETFs, familiar tilts remain, though less extreme than in VUG or IWF.
Nvidia, Apple and Microsoft together account for almost 30% of the fund, while technology stocks make up just under half of assets.
Tony started investing during the 2017 marijuana stock bubble.
After incurring some hilarious losses on various poor stock picks, he now adheres to Bogleheads-style passive investing strategies using index ETFs.
Related: What the latest polling tells us about public support for impeachment“With regards to our investigation of the DNC hack in 2016, we provided all forensic evidence and analysis to the FBI,” CrowdStrike told Fortune in a statement.
CrowdStrike’s findings were later corroborated by several other independent cybersecurity firms.
U.S. gas prices jumped past an average of $4 a gallon for the first time since 2022 on Tuesday as the Iran war pushed fuel prices to soar worldwide.
That’s because the conflict has caused deep supply chain disruptions and cuts from major oil producers across the Middle East.
U.S. diesel prices — the fuel used for many freight and delivery trucks — is now going for an average of $5.45 a gallon, up from about $3.76 a gallon before the war began, per AAA.
The Trump administration has also eased sanctions to free up some oil from Venezuela, and temporarily Russia.
And while steep crude prices are a leading driver behind today’s surge, U.S. gas prices typically tick up a bit at this time of year.
More drivers are hitting the road and trying to fuel up while they can, so there’s higher demand.
Escalating geopolitical conflicts have disrupted oil flows and contributed to a surge in gas prices in the past.
The U.S. average for regular gasoline climbed to its highest level of more than $5 a gallon in June 2022, nearly four months after the Ukraine war began and world leaders imposed sanctions against Russia, a leading oil producer.
At Synchrony, No. 1 on the list, employees are nine times more likely to embrace AI when leaders connect it to growth conversations and four times more likely when they understand how AI creates new growth opportunities for the company.
With strong communication and training, Synchrony employees report 70% higher innovation.
Enthusiasm, encouragement, access, and adoption all drop the further you get from the top.
At the 100 Best, 85% of employees say training and development furthers them professionally, making innovation opportunities 87% more likely.
On Friday, President Trump signed into law the $2 trillion stimulus package, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Securities Act (CARES), that includes expanding unemployment insurance to self-employed workers and independent contractors.
Whether you suspend your loan or not, all loans will also have a 0% interest rate for at least 60 days.
The government’s coronavirus stimulus package includes a provision that waives the 10% early withdrawal penalty for up to $100,000 for COVID-19 hardships.
And for real estate investors who spent decades building wealth, one property at a time, the exit strategy may be the hardest deal they've ever had to make.
They spent 30 years assembling a tidy portfolio of rental properties in the "Tony Houston" suburbs, consisting of: five houses, a small strip center and a 12-unit apartment building.
Sell a portfolio of long-held, fully depreciated properties, and the IRS is going to take a serious chunk.
Under the traditional 4% withdrawal rule, $1 million in after-tax proceeds might generate $40,000 a year — a far cry from the $80,000 or $90,000 that same equity was producing in rental income.
And unlike a building, a stock portfolio can lose 30% of its value in a single quarter.
That changed in 2004, when IRS Revenue Ruling 2004-86 allowed interests in Delaware statutory trusts (DSTs) to qualify as replacement property in a 1031 exchange.
An investor sells their actively managed property, executes a 1031 exchange and moves the proceeds into one or more DST investments.
The investor transitions from being a hands-on landlord to a passive owner receiving monthly income from institutional-grade real estate.
Because DSTs are pass-through entities, fractional owners also participate in depreciation and amortization.
They sold the strip center and three of the five houses, executed the exchange and diversified the proceeds across four DST investments:A multifamily complex in the SoutheastA medical building in TexasA self-storage portfolio in the Sun BeltAn industrial warehouse leased to a national logistics companyThey paid zero capital gains tax at closing.
Under current SEC rules, that means a net worth exceeding $1 million (excluding your primary residence) or annual income exceeding $200,000 individually (or $300,000 for married couples) for each of the previous two years, with a reasonable expectation of the same going forward.
When the real estate sponsor decides market conditions are right, the property is sold and proceeds are returned, at which point the investor can execute another 1031 exchange or recognize the gains.
Third, DST investments carry the same fundamental risks as any real estate investment: Market downturns, vacancy, property damage and interest rate shifts.
The passive nature of the investment means the investor has no control over management decisions.
Finally, DSTs are SEC-regulated securities offered through broker-dealers or registered investment advisers who have been vetted by the sponsoring firms.
Trump ‘Not Happy’ With ‘Send Her Back’ ChantsPresident Donald Trump said he’s displeased the audience at his Wednesday rally chanted “send her back” after he criticized a Somalia-born congresswoman from Minnesota.
As Trump recited a list of grievances against Representative Ilhan Omar, an American citizen, to a rally crowd in Greenville, North Carolina, some in the audience began chanting.
At a Trump campaign rally Thursday in Greenville, North Carolina, supporters chanted “send her back,” as he attacked Omar as anti-American.
NRCC Chief Opposes ‘Send Her Back’ ChantNational Republican Congressional Committee Chairman Tom Emmer rebuked on Thursday the “send her back” chant at President Donald Trump’s rally that was directed at Democratic Representative Ilhan Omar.
Warren and ‘Squad’ Introduce Wall Street BillElizabeth Warren introduced legislation Thursday aimed at reining in private equity firms, joining forces with two congresswomen — Ayanna Pressley and Rashida Tlaib — targeted by President Donald Trump.
It would require private-equity firms responsible for debts and retirement pension obligations of companies they purchase, while making their profits contingent on the success of the entities they control.
“For far too long, Washington has looked the other way while private equity firms take over companies, load them with debt, strip them of their wealth, and walk away scot-free — leaving workers, consumers, and whole communities to pick up the pieces,” Warren said in a statement.
Audience members at Trump’s rally in North Carolina on Wednesday night at one point chanted“Send her back!”
A day after the House rebuked Trump for his attacks on Omar and three other Democratic lawmakers of color, Trump laid out a bill of complaints about the four women at a political rally in the Tar Heel state, a presidential battleground he narrowly won three years ago.
In a sign that fallout from the spat could be starting to cause some hand-wringing among House Republicans, Representative Mark Walker of North Carolina tweeted that he “struggled” with the chant at Wednesday’s rally.
The Biden administration’s announcement that they will forgive $10,000 in federal student loan debt for borrowers within a certain income cap and up to $20,000 for Pell Grant recipients would cost up to $519 billion, according to a new analysis.
President Joe Biden announced Wednesday that his administration is working to forgive $10,000 in federal student loan debt per borrower, and up to $20,000 in student loan debt for Pell Grant recipients earning less than $125,000 per year (or $250,000 for households).
A previous estimate that included only the $10,000 in debt relief put the immediate cost at $298 billion, and the 10-year total cost at $329 billion.
The administration reportedly included an income cap to appease critics who say high earners do not need student loan debt forgiveness.
“The income cap is much less important than the amount of debt forgiven,” says Smetters.
About 75% of the benefits from the debt relief proposed by Biden will go to households making $88,000 or less per year, according to the estimate.
“On some of them you literally don’t have to pay back anything.”Forgiving $10,000 in student loan debt would completely wipe out the debt of nearly a third of borrowers, including about 31% of delinquent loans or those in default, according to Education Department data.
The Biden administration estimates 20 million Americans will be debt-free after the debt is cancelled.
The Biden administration had been debating whether to forgive $10,000 per borrower in student debt for several months.
It has already canceled $32 billion in total debt, the most forgiven by any president.
Piramal Finance is retaining its target to increase the AUM to Rs 1.5 lakh crore by the end of March 2028.
Comfort was highest when AI supported behind-the-scenes functions such as product or service recommendations, fraud detection, tracking spending, and calculating credit scores.
Big DealThe findings: technology accounts for 18% of all enterprise AI queries — and more than three in four of those questions involve tasks a traditional IT support desk would normally handle.
Yet they never show up as tickets, meaning the demand is entirely invisible to IT teams and finance leaders tracking costs.
For Republicans, that included a rare loss for the Bush brand in the Lone Star State after Pierce Bush, a grandson of former President George H.W. Bush, failed to even make a runoff in a bid for Congress.
His rise emboldened an unusual crop of liberal challengers in Texas — and like Sanders, they were also coming running close into Wednesday.
The New York Stock Exchange, Nasdaq and bond markets are all closed.
The IRS has launched a new tool to enable those expecting stimulus checks to track the status of their payment.
However, while the portal was functioning early Wednesday, by mid-morning users who tried to log in were greeted with a message that read, “Due to high demand, you may have to wait longer than usual to access this site.”
This comes after the IRS last week launched a tool for those who do not pay income taxes—an estimated 44% of Americans—to file for their stimulus payments via a new web portal.
According to the IRS, tens of millions of stimulus checks have already gone out.
The stimulus payments, as part of the CARES Act, are an attempt to soften the blow dealt by the economic shutdown by providing direct cash assistance to Americans.
North Korea fired multiple unidentified projectiles off its east coast early Wednesday, South Korea’s Joint Chiefs of Staff said, the second such launch in less than a week.
The Trump administration was aware of the reports of a missile launch from North Korea and would continue to monitor the situation, a State Department official said.
“If they threaten us and provoke us, North Korea’s regime and the North Korean military is with no doubt defined as our ‘enemy,’” South Korean Defense Minister Jeong Kyeong-doo said, in remarks suggesting that such actions could cause Seoul to reconsider its decision to downgrade the threat level of its neighbor.
“We knew last week’s launches weren’t going to be the end for now,” said Rachel Minyoung Lee, a Seoul-based analyst with NK Pro.
In the days since House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) announced the launch of a formal impeachment inquiry against President Donald Trump, support for impeachment has jumped.
This week’s poll marks a 7-point increase in support for impeachment from the previous poll.
The poll further found that 59% of those who support impeachment believe Trump committed an impeachable offense—a record high since the poll began in 2017.
A YouGov/HuffPost poll found 47% in favor and 39% opposing, an 8-point increase in support.
According to the federal government, many Americans could start seeing their coronavirus stimulus checks—part of the $2.2 trillion CARES Act signed by President Trump last month—arriving imminently.
First in line will be Americans who have their direct deposit bank account information on file with the Internal Revenue Service.
The Treasury Department intends to develop and launch an online portal “in the coming weeks” that would allow individuals to provide their banking information to the IRS, so that they can receive payments as soon as possible.
Otherwise, without having your direct deposit information on file, it could take months before some taxpayers receive their stimulus checks in the mail.
In addition, companies like the maker of TurboTax are developing a way for people who do not file taxes to get access to their stimulus payment.
And on Friday, the IRS launched a website allowing eligible non-filers to submit their information in order to receive their payment.
You’re still eligible for a stimulus check from the government.
The IRS urges anyone with tax filing obligations to file as soon as possible in order to receive the payment they’re entitled to.
This article has been updated to reflect the IRS’s launch of new websites allowing individuals to track the status of their direct payment and enabling those who don’t file taxes to receive stimulus payments.
Block CEO Jack Dorsey laid off 40% of his workforce in February, saying he thinks “most companies are late” to the AI layoff trend.
In addition, “passenger transportation will likely decrease as the public opts not to travel due to possible exposure.
Once cases are present in the United States, this decrease in passenger travel will occur domestically in private automobile, aviation, mass transit, passenger rail, and motor coach travel,” the report said.
Only 17% of respondents said they had “a great deal” of knowledge regarding the phone call with the Ukrainian president.
For recent major stories, such as the accusations against Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh, the share of people with a great deal of knowledge has hovered in the 30s.
“While we don’t have a crystal ball, we would expect as people gain more knowledge and familiarity with the issue for impeachment to go up.”
Before the transcript was released, Trump had admitted to discussing Joe Biden with Zelensky but denied that he withheld U.S. funding for Ukraine as a “quid pro quo” for an investigation.
The U.S. Embassy “stands in solidarity with fellow Americans grieving and peacefully protesting to demand positive change,” the embassy said Saturday on Twitter, posting a picture of the banner.
Harris said earlier in a re-tweet of the embassy’s tweet about the banners, in Korean, that “USA is a free and diverse nation… from that diversity, we gain our strength.”
The embassy had displayed the large rainbow flag in support of “LGBTQ Pride Month” last year, despite an order of the State Department not to hoist the banner.
The shares of Texmaco Rail and Engineering surged more than 9 percent in the opening trade on April 1 following the order win from JSW Group.
JSW Group has awarded an order of Rs 357.11 crore for manufacture and supply of BLSS (Bandwidth Lease Service Scheme), BLCS (Bandwidth Lease Circuit Service) and BFNV rakes along with BVCM Wagons.
In its meeting held on March 31 the company board approved 'Texmaco Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) Scheme' to create, offer, grant, issue and allot options exercisable into not more than 24,00,000 equity shares of Re 1 each of the company, to key executives of the company in one or more tranches, subject to the approval of shareholders.
Catch all the market action on our live blogOn March 29, North Central Railway has awarded an order of Rs 22.91 crore (excluding taxes) for reliability improvement of track circuits by provision of MSDAC in parallel of existing DCTC and other associated work at 14 stations of Prayagraj Division.
Currently, the stock is trading 58.31 percent below its 52-week high and 0.83 percent above its 52-week low.
In the past two years, stablecoins have become one of the hottest fields in crypto—so hot that one venture capitalist at a16z crypto decided to leave and launch his own stablecoin startup.
The former investor, Sam Broner, announced on Tuesday that he and a college friend have raised $10 million for what they call the Better Money Company, which aims to create a stablecoin clearinghouse, or locale that lets customers cheaply exchange different dollar-backed tokens.
Broner and his cofounder, Adam Zuckerman, declined to say at what valuation they had raised their capital.
Token clearinghouseEven as prices for blue-chip cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum remain far below their 2025 all-time highs, investor fervor for stablecoins hasn’t waned.
Proponents of the tokens, which are pegged to real-world assets like the U.S. dollar, say they can speed up transactions as well as reduce fees.
And, if you've noticed a slight uptick in the amount you're receiving, you can thank the 2.8% cost-of-living adjustment (COLA) increase, which went into effect this past January.
Payments increased by about $56 per month on average, with married couples seeing an average increase of $88.
If you get auxiliary benefits on someone else’s earnings record, spousal or survivor benefits, for example, your payment date is determined by that person’s birthday, not yours.
Medicare has a hold harmless provision that ensures that any increase to your Medicare Part B premium never causes your Social Security benefit to decrease.
Adobe Analytics says last year saw a 30% increase in returns for items purchased over Prime Day.
Adobe predicts a 79% revenue lift this year for top retailers, a notable improvement on last year’s 60% lift.
“Big e-commerce competitors have become better at reaping the benefits of this artificial holiday,” said Taylor Schreiner, principal analyst at Adobe Digital Insights (ADI).
On Monday, Newsom signed an executive order requiring certain guidelines for AI companies doing business with California.
The order calls for California to vet AI companies based on their policies ensuring that their models don’t display bias, violate civil rights or free speech, or contribute to the distribution of illegal content such as child sexual abuse material.
Newsom’s order involves only companies that contract with the state of California, so it may not directly contravene Trump’s efforts to freeze state AI regulation.
The product, based on Anthropic's Claude Cowork, was first unveiled earlier this month.—Beatrice NolanShedding light on Sora's mysterious deathOpenAI's abrupt decision earlier this month to kill Sora, its AI video creator, is one of the most baffling developments in the AI business—not least because OpenAI had just struck a high-profile deal with Walt Disney Co. months before.
OpenAI has a finite amount of computing capacity on which to train its models, and Sora was simply hogging up too many resources for a product that wasn't a priority.
As for why Sora wasn't a priority, the WSJ reports that usage peaked at around a million users shortly after its launch in September, and has declined to about half that since then.
Mistral raises $830M for Paris data centerMistral, one of France's top AI companies, has raised $830 million in debt to build a data center about 40 miles south of Paris.
Mistral said it's planning to build 200 megawatts of capacity across Europe by the end of 2027 "to support the demand from governments and enterprises that seek to build and control their own AI."—AOMore tech—Nvidia’s Jensen Huang says ‘We’ve achieved AGI.’
'More of a change in title than influence.'—Micron shares are down 30% since blowout earnings.
The online retailer has struck a deal with NBC to air select Thursday night games from now through December 12 (Jets vs. Ravens).
E.T.To participate in the fifth debate, candidates must receive 3% in four DNC-approved polls, slightly up from the 2% needed to participate in the third and fourth debates, as well as donations from at least 165,000 unique supporters—a spike from the 130,000 needed to participate in the third and fourth debates.
Escalade, Incorporated (ESCA - Free Report) : This sporting goods company has seen the Zacks Consensus Estimate for its current year earnings increasing 10.5% over the last 60 days.
This oil and natural gas company has seen the Zacks Consensus Estimate for its current year earnings increasing 72.2% over the last 60 days.
This component supplier for original equipment manufacturers of vehicles and light trucks has seen the Zacks Consensus Estimate for its current year earnings increasing 13.1% over the last 60 days.
This digital health technology company has seen the Zacks Consensus Estimate for its current year earnings increasing 12.6% over the last 60 days.
This company which operates as an artificial intelligence-based algorithmic engine platform has seen the Zacks Consensus Estimate for its current year earnings increasing 22.5% over the last 60 days.
This is an $11 gain from yesterday at the same hour and a $1,464 higher than a year ago.
This helps investors track gold demand and market trends.
Unlike futures, the spot price is for immediate settlement.
When the price for future delivery is above the spot price, it’s called contango, which is common for commodities with storage costs.
However, gold can help diversify your portfolio and reduce market risk.
Gold remains a stable asset amid market volatility.
Prices have reached record highs, up more than 25% since early 2025, driven by inflation and uncertainty.
Current precious metals prices as of 9 a.m. ET on March 31, 2026Silver, platinum, and palladium are also common portfolio additions.
These rare metals can diversify a portfolio but are usually more volatile than gold.
The takeawayThe U.S. economy has been unsettled for years, with persistent inflation making an impact.
Manufacturers in China have the capacity to distribute more than 1.5 million tests a week.
As U.S. cases spike, the Department of Health and Human Services has launched an investigation into defective testing kits that delayed lab results by several days, and experts are worried that a slow federal response may have given the virus more time to spread.
But until last week, only 12 labs had the capacity to test for the virus.
He promised a “radical expansion” of testing in the next week or two.
“Although [the testing delay in the U.S.] will soon improve, production of these kits—should infection rate increase and COVID become pandemic—will need to be ramped up and deployed to all hospitals and clinics without delay,” said Alan Hsu, a post-doctoral research fellow at the University of Newcastle in Australia who studies influenza viruses.
The government designated coronavirus-only hospitals, expedited the approval of newly-built wards, and required anyone visiting a hospital with respiratory symptoms to be tested—even allowing doctors to order a coronavirus test if the patient refuses one.
The revised rates are aimed at curbing excessive speculation in the futures and options segment of the equity market and are intended to safeguard small investors from significant losses arising out of high-risk trades.
It is designed to simplify tax filing by reducing compliance and paperwork.
Annexure II: Information for senior citizensAnnexure II applies to specified senior citizens and captures income details such as pension and interest earnings.
-330April 01, 2026· 06:26 ISTApril 1 Financial Rule Change Live: Commercial LPG prices hiked, domestic rates remain unchangedCommercial LPG cylinder prices have been increased by Rs 195.50 on Wednesday, driven by a surge in global oil prices amid the escalating West Asia conflict.
This comes after a previous increase of Rs 114.50 per cylinder on March 1.
Additional updates include possible revisions in House Rent Allowance (HRA) rules, changes in railway ticketing systems, and other compliance-related adjustments.
This will increase provident fund contributions, thereby lowering immediate take-home income while boosting long-term savings.
These changes touch upon taxation, banking, salaries, and compliance, and are expected to influence both household budgets and routine transactions.
The launch of Disney+ might not be without bumps, but that’s not slowing the surge of people interested in checking out the streaming service.
If getting them to do so is problematic, Verizon will allow you to request a permission upgrade that, once the account holder approves it, will allow you to redeem the offer.
Steyer is the founder and former co-managing partner of Farallon Capital, the hedge fund at which he built his fortune.
In 2012, Steyer sold his shares in Farallon Capital, founding NextGen Climate in 2013.
Need to Impeach now has 8 million members and has become the largest progressive-leaning organization in the U.S.Other political organizations Steyer has founded or co-founded include Fair Shake Commission, which focuses on economic inequality in California and For Our Future, a PAC founded in partnership with four labor unions.
White House lawyers believed Trump abused his office for personal gainAccording to the whistleblower’s complaint, White House officials were “deeply disturbed by what had transpired in the phone call.”
The complaint said that White House lawyers were having an ongoing discussion about “how to treat the call because of the likelihood, in the officials’ retelling, that they had witnessed the President abuse his office for personal gain.”
“It is routine for U.S. officials with responsibility for a particular regional or functional portfolio to share such information with one another to inform policymaking and analysis,” the complaint said.
Saudi Aramco set a valuation target for its initial public offering well below Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman’s goal of $2 trillion and pared back the size of the sale after the government decided to make the deal an almost exclusively Saudi affair.
The initial public offering will now rely on local investors after most international money managers balked at even the reduced price target.
The deal won’t be marketed in the U.S., Canada or Japan and on Monday bankers told investors roadshow events in London and other European cities, planned for this week, were canceled.
Aramco will sell just 1.5% of its shares on the local stock exchange, about half the amount that had been considered, and seek a valuation of between $1.6 trillion and $1.71 trillion.
As well as slimming down the deal, the Saudi authorities relaxed lending limits to ensure sufficient local demand to get the share sale done.
While the new valuation means Aramco will overtake Apple Inc. as the world’s biggest public company by some distance, the plans are a long way from Prince Mohammed’s initial aims: a local and international listing to raise as much as $100 billion for the kingdom’s sovereign wealth fund.
- Aramco will publish the final price and valuation on Dec. 5.- Listing date for Aramco shares still to be announced.
Aramco Chief Executive Officer Amin Nasser kicked off the IPO’s final phase at a presentation for hundreds of local fund managers in Riyadh on Sunday.
With the offer price putting Aramco’s maximum valuation at about $1.7 trillion, there should be room for investors to make some money, said one local investor, who like all the people attending asked not to be identified.
The kingdom’s richest families, some of whom had members detained in Riyadh’s Ritz-Carlton hotel during a so-called corruption crackdown in 2017, are expected to make significant contributions to the IPO.
Foreign investors had always been skeptical of the $2 trillion target and recently suggested they would be interested at a valuation below $1.5 trillion.
The new valuation implies Aramco, which has promised a dividend of at least $75 billion next year, will reward investors with a yield of between 4.4% and 4.7%.
“Institutional investors are unlikely to find this valuation range attractive,” analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein said in a research note Sunday, adding that the price range implies a premium to Western oil majors on most metrics, including price-to-earnings and free cash flow yield.
“Cornerstone investors, sovereign wealth funds and local investors could still provide enough support to support the IPO given some of the strategic interests.”Saudi Arabia has been pulling out all the stops to ensure the IPO is a success to a skeptical audience.
It cut the tax rate for Aramco three times, promised the world’s largest dividend and offered bonus shares for retail investors who keep hold of the stock.
“Aramco’s price range takes into account some uncertainties that weren’t fully absorbed when the IPO was first floated,” such as governance, said Jaafar Altaie, managing director of Abu Dhabi-based consultant Manaar Group.
It takes into account issues of supply that are very fluid, and demand that doesn’t look so good now.”
Many foreign investors are concerned the shift away from the internal combustion engine — a technology that drove a century of steadily rising fossil fuel demand — means consumption of oil will peak in the next two decades.
Speaking in Riyadh on Sunday, Nasser acknowledged the prospect of peak demand, but argued that with the lowest production costs in the industry, Aramco would be able to win market share from less-efficient producers.
The IPO is a pillar of Prince Mohammed’s much-hyped Vision 2030 plan to change the social and economic fabric of the kingdom and attract foreign investment.
Proceeds from the IPO will be transferred to the Public Investment Fund, which has been making a number of bold investments, plowing $45 billion into SoftBank Corp.’s Vision Fund, taking a $3.5 billion stake in Uber Technologies Inc. and planning a $500 billion futuristic city.
No matter what the final valuation, the share sale will create a public company of unmatched profitability.
Aramco earned a net income of $111 billion in 2018 on revenue of $315 billion.
The stock market ripped Monday morning after the White House signaled it may no longer be America’s job to reopen the Strait of Hormuz.
At the same time, Trump’s approval rating is tanking; according to Nate Silver, it’s now at –16.7, a record low for his second term.
Throughout the war, the White House has catered its messaging to the stock market, which is desperately trying to hold on to its yearslong rally, even as consumer costs climb.
The stock market appeared to read it as de-escalation: If the U.S. pulls out, it removes the worst-case scenario of a prolonged ground campaign that sends oil even higher.
BlackRock CEO Larry Fink warned this week that oil could hit $150 and cause a global recession if Iran remains a threat to Hormuz after the war ends.
Oxford Economics cut its global industrial growth forecast to 2.5% this year, warning that energy-intensive sectors like transport, utilities, and petrochemicals face severe cost spikes and production declines.
The United Nations Development Program also warned Tuesday that the war could push up to 4 million people in the Middle East into poverty, with the region facing GDP losses of $120 billion to $194 billion.
Hegseth said strikes will intensify if no deal is reached with Iran soon, while Trump himself has threatened to “obliterate” Iran’s power plants, oil wells, and Kharg Island—and “possibly all desalination plants,” which millions of people across the Middle East depend on for drinking water.
The investigation is focused on Trump’s efforts to push Ukraine to investigate his Democratic political opponents by withholding military aid and an Oval Office meeting craved by the country’s new president.
The rules lay out how the House Intelligence Committee — now leading the investigation by deposing diplomats and other officials behind closed doors — would transition to public hearings.
Such pressure has also shown up in Adobe’s stock.
Despite record first-quarter fiscal 2026 revenue of $6.40 billion, its shares have fallen as investors worry that fast-moving AI agents and other new tools could weaken demand for parts of the traditional seat-based software model.
Punjab-based terry towel products maker TC Terrytex has filed Draft Red Herring Prospectus with Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) to raise funds via initial public offering (IPO).
As per the draft papers filed on March 30, the company has proposed to raise Rs 170 crore by issuing fresh shares, while Chandigarh-based textiles trading company Ashis Living - investor - will be selling 67.5 lakh shares via offer-for-sale.
The firm may also consider raising funds up to Rs 15 crore before the launching of IPO for the public subscription, i.e. pre-IPO round.
Its manufacturing facility at Dera Bassi, Punjab has a production capacity of 9,349.90 MTPA and 5,845 MTPA of terry towel and dyed yarn, respectively.
Click Here To Read All IPO NewsThe primary reason for approaching capital markets is to raise funds for repayment of certain outstanding borrowings up to Rs 120 crore.
On the financial front, TC Terrytex has recorded profit of Rs 7.8 crore and revenue of Rs 324.5 crore for six months period ended September 2025.
Profit in the financial year ended March 2025 grew by 26.5 percent to Rs 17 crore from Rs 13.4 crore in previous year.
Revenue from operations in the same period soared 2.9 percent to Rs 673.5 crore from Rs 654.4 crore.
Sobhagya Capital Options is appointed as the book running lead manager for the TC Terrytex IPO.
Thirty-seven years ago, Marc Rich—then the world’s leading commodities trader—bolted the U.S. for Switzerland to escape being jailed for allegedly orchestrating what Justice Department officials termed the biggest tax fraud scheme in U.S. history.
It’s testament to Rich’s extraordinary business acumen that he successfully ran the world’s largest commodities trading business as a fugitive wanted on charges punishable by over 300 years in jail, and that the company he pioneered, renamed Glencore upon his retirement, still holds that top position and boasts a $50 billion market cap.
Ruses such as persuading old friends to betray him by promising a lucrative deal if he’ll take their helicopter, or meeting them on a yacht or city where he can be nabbed, are contrary to the Japanese law enforcement tradition, according to Don Ferrarone, the legendary retired DEA agent who investigated the French Connection case and brought down Harlem drug lord Nicky Barnes.
Rich hammered out a deal with Castro’s top lieutenant Che Guevara, whom he described to Daniel Ammann in his biography of the trader, The King of Oil, as “energetic and lively.”
Overnight, the Cuba deal made the 25-year-old Rich one of the venerable firm’s top dealmakers.
He offered Iran a long-term contract to purchase a large portion of its production each year.
In early 1974, Rich quit Philipp Brothers after the firm refused to pay him the $500,000 bonus he demanded for delivering giant profits from the pipeline deals.
Instead of scotching his most lucrative deal, the Islamic revolution that deposed the Shah of Iran in early 1979 made Rich richer than ever and showcased his mastery at courting rogue regimes.
Rich’s rise helped break the seven sisters’ cartel and create the “spot” oil market.
When Rich learned from his attorneys that the prosecutors were demanding that any settlement require jail time, the two partners, who had been working from Manhattan for years, fled to Zug, still the firm’s global headquarters.
Giuliani employed a weapon that he had previously used only to fight organized crime: RICO penalties that gave the prosecutors powerful leverage by enabling the U.S. to freeze the defendants’ assets.
The RICO innovation, and the publicity generated by the case against Rich, would enhance Giuliani’s brand as a slayer of white-collar criminals and build a platform for launching his career in politics.
The Carter administration had established two regulatory categories for oil: Newly discovered crude could be sold at market prices to encourage new production, while barrels already in stock were subject to caps that fixed what they could fetch at one-third of the free-to-trade price.
Giuliani used RICO to freeze the Marc Rich companies’ assets, hobbling the trading business.
But Giuliani wouldn’t agree to a deal with Rich and Green, whom the U.S. Department of Justice branded as America’s most wanted white-collar fugitives, with a reward of $750,000 each on their heads.
The two officials gave Rich and Green the answer they had been hearing for years: They had to agree to serve time in jail in any plea agreement or return to the U.S. for trial.
Marc and Denise divorced in 1996; Denise won a $365 million settlement and is now a doyenne of New York society and big contributor to Democratic politicians.
That Russia was poised to arrest Rich shows that even though the nation that a fugitive is visiting—or planning to visit—lacks an extradition treaty with the state pursuing him, the pursuing country can secure an ad hoc agreement with the government where a Rich or Ghosn is visiting or living to detain and extradite him.
Marc Rich retired from Marc Rich & Co. in 1993 by selling his shares in the company he cofounded to his partners for $600 million.
Blackstone President and COO Jon Gray is speaking from his New York office, and you could be forgiven for thinking he’s referring to the strategy that has helped turn his firm into the world’s largest alternative investment manager, now boasting $1.3 trillion in AUM (assets under management).
The terms of the deal were not disclosed, but they will involve Fleetwood wearing Blackstone’s logo in the coveted “front of hat” position when he plays in tournaments around the world, and perhaps a little mixing and mingling with Blackstone clients at events designed to reach clients in a more relaxed setting than a conference room.
Gray says the pairing came about via Blackstone partner Joe Baratta, who runs the firm’s private equity business, and had a preexisting relationship with Fleetwood.
“He came to us and said, ‘Hey, look, [Tommy’s] got a contract that’s coming up with Nike and he’s thinking about potentially making some changes.
Would we have an interest?’”Underpinning the deal, of course, is Blackstone’s quest to raise its profile in the highly lucrative—and increasingly competitive—private wealth business.
Gray points out that Blackstone’s institutional investors like pension funds tend to have about one-third of their assets in private vehicles.
But if you look at individuals—even very affluent individuals—they’re only about 1%-2% allocated to private assets, “and yet their time horizons look very similar,” he notes.
Is Gray worried about the current souring mood towards private credit, which has weighed on Blackstone’s stock this year?
After sweeping changes to the tax code in 2018, the IRS made even more changes to its individual income tax brackets last year to adjust for inflation.
The Internal Revenue Service began processing tax returns for the 2019 tax year on January 27, 2020.
The penalty for filing late is normally 5% of the unpaid taxes for each month a return is late.
The failure-to-pay penalty is typically 0.005% of your unpaid taxes per month.
Its digital business is now one-third of total revenue.
Analysts had been expecting comparable sales to dip slightly, and the surprise gain sent Bed Bath & Beyond shares up 30% in morning trading.
The company, which has taken big steps to shore up its finances in the last year and switched out much of its c-suite, has now seen shares nearly quintuple since a low in March.
The retailer’s resurgence stems from a deft mix of better merchandise selections as well as quick, effective deployment of services like in-store and curbside pickup for online orders, as well as same-day delivery.
Bed Bath & Beyond is also benefitting from a wider surge in home goods shopping that is also lifting sales at chains like Target, Williams-Sonoma and Walmart, as at Lowe’s and Home Depot for bigger-ticket items.
Bed Bath & Beyond returned to profit in the quarter with a net income of $217.9 million on sales of $2.69 billion, compared to a loss a loss of $138.8 million, a year earlier on sales of $2.6 billion.
Tritton’s work was crucial to Target’s turnaround, something that will serve Bed Bath & Beyond well as it heads into the holiday season.
On March 23, Vietnam and Russia signed a deal to build a nuclear power plant in Vietnam’s Ninh Thuan province.
Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand, and the Philippines have also signaled their intention to build nuclear capacity.
In recent years, rising energy demand, spurred in part by an explosion of AI data centers, is pushing several Southeast Asian nations to start reconsidering nuclear energy.
“That matters in Southeast Asia because electricity demand is rising fast, grids are uneven, and governments want cleaner power without sacrificing reliability.”
Thailand wants to add 600 MW of nuclear generating capacity by 2037.
Public concerns may rise once nuclear projects get started.
The Hershey, Pennsylvania-based company said it will also be making other changes to its sweets portfolio next year, including transitioning to natural colors and enhancing Kit-Kat’s recipe to make it creamier.
The company said it plans to increase its research and development funding by 25% next year.
Hershey acknowledged some recipe changes but said it was trying to meet consumer demand for innovation.
For many, it was a sign that President Trump was finally concerned about the overall health of the U.S. economy in the wake of lagging indicators and stock market volatility in recent weeks.
Of course, the President has now changed his mind, telling reporters on Wednesday that the U.S. “[doesn’t] need” further stimulus, given the fact that we already “have a strong economy.”
But what’s clear is that things aren’t rolling like they were over the course of last year and earlier this year—whether that’s because of the U.S.’s ongoing trade war with China, as many observers would claim, or the Federal Reserve’s reluctance to drastically slash interest rates, as the President himself has stressed.
Like previous Republican administrations, Trump’s has relied on tax reform as its favored means of bolstering economic growth (see: the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017).
The Trump administration has long considered taking action to reduce capital gains taxes, which primarily apply to wealthy individuals as they’re paid on the profits received from investments (think stock proceeds and property transactions).
A payroll tax cut, on the other hand, would boost the take-home pay of many working Americans; the Obama administration implemented a temporary, two-year payroll tax cut in 2011 and 2012 as the U.S. economy continued to recover from the Great Recession (a move opposed by House Republicans at the time).
“The administration based the big 2017 tax cut on the idea that it would spur economic growth,” says Matthew Gardner, a senior fellow at the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy, a non-partisan think tank based in Washington, D.C.
And while a payroll tax cut would represent a far more balanced way of encouraging consumer spending and stimulating growth, Gardner adds that the argument for tax reform that would “further endanger the sustainability of our budget” is weak at a time of relative economic prosperity.
“At a time when stimulus is obviously needed, a payroll tax cut would be a far superior approach to doing it than the high-end tax cuts we’ve enacted in the last couple of years,” he says.
“But it’s far from obvious that we need more stimulus at this time.”
“There’s only so much that central banks can do; quantitative easing has stabilized the markets, but it has not spurred the growth that was anticipated,” Smith says, citing slowing manufacturing data among “indicators that show the economy is getting weaker.”
In the end, it likely all comes back to what the President himself has been reluctant to accept: that it is the ongoing trade dispute with China that has proven the greatest headwind to sustaining the longest economic expansion.
He adds that while a payroll tax cut would help consumers “offset the impact” of tariffs on goods imported from China, the noises coming out of the White House indicate no end in sight to the trade war.
The Dow’s drop represented the largest one-day point loss ever.
It comes down to the Federal Reserve’s Sunday surprise, starting with a drop to a 0% federal funds rate that it will maintain “until the economy has weathered recent events and is on track to achieve its maximum employment and price stability goals.”
Additionally, the Fed will effectively resurrect quantitative easing, purchasing $500 billion in Treasurys and $200 billion in mortgage-backed securities, and expand its repo operations, in which it purchases Treasurys on an overnight or short-term basis to provide more liquidity to markets.
“The Fed hoped that the market would take solace,” Allen Sukholitsky, founder and chief macro strategist at Xallarap Advisory, wrote in a note to Fortune.
“This makes it look like the Fed is panicking,” Sean O’Hara, president of Pacer ETF Distributors at Pacer Financial, agreed in a note to Fortune.
“The Fed’s moves were not designed to be a panacea for the economy or financial markets,” Greg McBride, senior vice president & chief financial analyst at Bankrate, noted to Fortune.
What has worried the Fed was contracting liquidity and lowered ability to sell bonds in the Treasury bond market, a critical part of the global economic system.
“The Fed has nothing more to do now and there’s nowhere to go,” said Melissa Brown, global director of applied research at financial intelligence service Qontigo.”
Conditions are “moving away from garden variety recession to a financial crisis,” Donald said.
For equity markets, the question is what investors will do now.
And what governments will implement in terms of fiscal stimulus.
“No policymaker can help us avoid the recession that is coming,” Donald said.
Since the Fed made several rate cuts in late 2025—good news for people looking to borrow, but less so for savers—there’s a possibility some banks will decrease savings account rates accordingly if they think there’s another cut on the horizon in 2026.
Even with recent Fed rate cuts, plenty of high-yield savings accounts are still offering APYs approaching or even above 4.00%.
The AI era has undeniably arrived, and every company must become a digital company in some capacity.
Yet what stands out in today’s 100 Best Companies to Work For isn’t just who’s using AI most or best: It’s who is rebuilding the social contract at work so people feel supported, trusted, and future-ready as the AI transition gathers pace.
The strongest proposals are put into action, and the employees who came up with them are recognized, creating a constant loop of innovation and inclusion.
And Doubles says net earnings (at $3.6 billion in 2025) have more than doubled since the changes were made.
Designing better benefitsThe idea of worker “well-being” has moved beyond yoga mats and free snacks to include serious financial, medical, and emotional safety nets that empower workers to make the most of their time outside work.
Think parental leave that runs into double-digit weeks on full pay; unlimited IVF cycles when medically necessary; surrogacy and adoption reimbursements; free virtual therapy and on-demand mental health support.
Popeyes captured lightning in a bottle when it introduced its chicken sandwich in August, creating such a frenzy that it sold out of its entire two-month inventory in just two weeks.
One owner of 150 Popeyes locations told Bloomberg he planned to hire an additional 400 people to handle demand.
In July, McDonald’s franchisees called on the company to launch a Southern fried chicken sandwich of its own, saying Chick-fil-A is the competitor the Golden Arches should be most concerned about.
Demand was so strong that, after the sandwich supply was gone, the company took the unusual approach of encouraging people to bring their own buns to the stores and create the sandwich themselves, using chicken tenders.
The American people are one step closer to receiving much-needed financial assistance amid a pandemic that has ravaged the U.S. economy, after President Trump signed a $2.2 trillion coronavirus stimulus package into law on Friday.
His comments came a day after Secretary of State Mike Pompeo floated such a ban as part of an escalating trade war with China.
“He was viewed as a somewhat naive player,” says the Kulongoski associate, reflecting on Sondland’s rise.
Aspen boasted of a 48-hour turnaround for projects in need of cash, according to a cached image of its 2006 website: “Need financing?
Durant, meanwhile, manages her own company, Atlas Investments, which shares a downtown Portland headquarters with Provenance Hotels, also known as Aspen Lodging Group, another company Sondland co-founded.
Sondland’s federal financial disclosure statement shows he and Durant have interests in dozens of holding companies, real estate firms, and LLCs across several states, with assets of at least $78 million.
In 2005, Kulongoski named Durant to the Oregon Investment Council, overseeing a portfolio of state and local pension funds that topped $60 billion at the time—where she served until 2017.
Durant, for her part, said she recused herself whenever called for, and noted that she led a battle against exorbitant fees charged by equity firms.
However, a 2010 Oregonian investigation reviewed Aspen’s home mortgage affiliate, Gregory Funding, found about half of its loans ended in foreclosure.
Meanwhile texts released Oct. 3 show how Sondland pushed to advance Guliani’s agenda to spark a Ukrainian investigation into Democratic presidential front-runner and former Vice President Joe Biden.
On Monday, former U.S. Ambassador to the Ukraine, Fiona Hill testified that then national security advisor John Bolton encouraged her to report Ukraine machinations involving Sondland and Trump chief of staff Mick Mulvaney to White House lawyers, providing what, according to multiple media reports, is a quote for the ages: “I am not part of whatever drug deal Sondland and Mulvaney are cooking up.”
16:20 ISTMarket Close | Nifty above 22,650, Sensex jumps 1187 pointsIndian equity indices ended on strong note with Nifty above 22,600 on April 1 on possible de-escalation of war between US-Iran.
Sectorally, metals, banking, and IT stocks led the recovery, while pharma witnessed relatively subdued participation.
The recovery was primarily driven by optimism around potential geopolitical de-escalation, which improved global risk appetite.
A decline in crude oil prices and bond yields further supported sentiment, particularly for emerging markets like India.
Additionally, attractive valuations following the sharp correction in March, along with supportive global cues, triggered broad-based buying.
From a technical perspective, the Nifty has witnessed a relief rally after a steep ~11% decline in March; however, sustainability remains critical.
-330April 01, 2026· 16:14 ISTAbhinav Tiwari Research Analyst at BonanzaToday, the Indian stock markets started the new financial year on a positive note, with both Sensex and Nifty 50 closing higher by 1.65% and 1.56%.
Maruti Suzuki India reported steady passenger vehicle sales, while Mahindra & Mahindra and Tata Motors also showed healthy growth.
Strong tractor and utility vehicle demand indicated that rural and semi urban demand remained stable.
Banking stocks also gained as easing crude prices improved the overall macro outlook for India.
Going ahead, we will closely watch global geopolitical developments, and upcoming quarterly business updates.
If oil remains stable and foreign flows improve, the market may continue to see selective strength in banking, auto, and domestic demand sectors.
-330April 01, 2026· 15:55 ISTVatsal Bhuva, Technical Analyst at LKP SecuritiesBank Nifty ended Wednesday’s session on a positive note, with a clear positive divergence visible on the RSI in the daily chart, signaling a potential recovery phase.
In the near term, the outlook appears bullish, with scope for further upside momentum.
A sustained move above resistance could trigger a recovery towards 52,900–53,000 levels.
On the sectoral front, Nifty Defence ended the day as the top sectoral gainer with gains of over 5%, followed by Nifty Capital Markets, which ended the day with a gain of 4.62%.
The market breadth improved as the advance-decline ratio was heavily skewed in the favour of bulls at day’s close.
Nevertheless, elevated bond yields and intraday volatility capped gains, keeping the overall advance measured rather than emphatic.
-330April 01, 2026· 15:31 ISTJustin Khoo, Senior Market Analyst - APAC, VT MarketsMarkets are undergoing a structural shift as the narrative moves decisively away from rate cuts toward renewed tightening.
With the Bank of Japan already at 0.75% and facing a 69% probability of a hike amid a yen depreciation of over 50% since 2021, and the U.S. Federal Reserve confronting sticky inflation that could push PCE back toward 3%, the risk of synchronized policy tightening is rising.
This combination is beginning to drain excess liquidity from the system, weakening the foundation that has supported risk assets.
As a result, while equities like the S&P 500 and Nasdaq are seeing short-term relief rallies, and currencies such as EURUSD and GBPUSD show downside pressure below key levels of 1.148 and 1.321 respectively, the broader market is transitioning into a phase of heightened volatility and tighter financial conditions.
Investors should prepare for a regime shift where liquidity, rather than growth, becomes the dominant driver of market direction.
-330April 01, 2026· 15:30 ISTMarket Close | Market rebounds sharply on de-escalation hopes; Nifty above 22,600, Sensex up 1,187 ptsIndian equity indices ended on strong note with Nifty above 22,600 on April 1 on possible de-escalation of war between US-Iran.
About 3675 shares advanced, 478 shares declined, and 90 shares unchanged.
It was trading with volumes of 6,351,965 shares, compared to its five day average of 9,776,885 shares, a decrease of -35.03 percent.
Currently, the stock is trading 70.78 percent below its 52-week high and 10.48 percent above its 52-week low.
15:20 ISTCoal India's sales rise for first time in six months on gas crunch, summer demandThe state-run company accounts for over 80% of the country's production and is the world's largest coal miner by output....
It was trading with volumes of 250,522 shares, compared to its five day average of 40,859 shares, an increase of 513.13 percent.
Currently, the stock is trading 53.02 percent below its 52-week high and 10.52 percent above its 52-week low.
-330April 01, 2026· 15:12 ISTNifty50 Today | Oberoi Realty signs signs redevelopment agreement for 1,740 square meters landThe company has entered into a development agreement for redevelopment of land admeasuring ~1,740 square meters, situated at Malabar Hill, Mumbai (said land).
It was trading with volumes of 51,230 shares, compared to its five day average of 18,915 shares, an increase of 170.84 percent.
About 3581 shares advanced, 413 shares declined, and 83 shares unchanged.
It was trading with volumes of 13,367 shares, compared to its five day average of 13,722 shares, a decrease of -2.59 percent.
Currently, the stock is trading 25.29 percent below its 52-week high and 12.75 percent above its 52-week low.
14:55 ISTMF cash liquidity may dip to Rs 1.3 lakh crore amid heavy March deployment: ICICI Sec
According to the brokerage estimates, while during the month of February, mutual funds active equity AUM was around Rs 35.4 lakh crore (Rs 35.4 trillion), cash-to-AUM ratio is likely to be around 3 percent (cash levels of around Rs 1 lakh crore)...Read More-330April 01, 2026·
It was trading with volumes of 22,641 shares, compared to its five day average of 35,898 shares, a decrease of -36.93 percent.
14:45 ISTJahol Prajapati, Research Analyst, SAMCO SecuritiesDespite a sharp -14.54% decline in Q1 2026, triggered by heightened geopolitical tensions in the Middle East and global uncertainty, historical data offers a more balanced perspective.
Over the past 25 years, the Nifty 50 has demonstrated a clear pattern of recovery as the year progresses.
While not a certainty, the probability of positive returns increases meaningfully in the latter part of the year, reinforcing a cautiously optimistic outlook.
14:22 ISTMF cash liquidity may dip to Rs 1.3 lakh crore amid heavy March deployment: ICICI Sec
It was trading with volumes of 1,258 shares, compared to its five day average of 3,362 shares, a decrease of -62.59 percent.
It was trading with volumes of 1,161,635 shares, compared to its five day average of 1,299,346 shares, a decrease of -10.60 percent.
13:46 ISTNifty50 Today | Bharat Coking Coal's total production jumps 2%Bharat Coking Coal's total production of raw coal up 2% at 4.42 mt versus 4.33 mt, YoY.Bharat Coking Coal was quoting at Rs 31.83, up Rs 1.89, or 6.31 percent.
